 it should be noted that the decision to comply with disputes and mechanisms should be separated and did not have an impact on the latter.
 <unk> a person who operates in hong kong in hong kong is required to obtain licences to the commissioner of customs and excise.
 this is indeed the most important, because unless this is to be realized, it is only a confusion and destruction.
 i have also clarified a number of issues raised during the meeting.
 even if the sound recordings, those who wish to engage in fraud must not be able to enter the relevant information.
 with regard to the method of drugs, experts recommended that a method of treatment should be used.
 in addition, there is no need for states to provide a special force to provide a special force.
 at least 45 per cent of fat content, which can be beded at least 45 per cent, is not less than 7 per cent.
 between the 6.45 am to 10 p.45.45 am to 10 am, all vehicles will not be allowed to use bott road.
 at the end of december 1996, harassment of the harassment of non-state actors in the serbia branch of the serbian republic of serbia was constantly escalationed.
 he said the russian federation believes that the communication did not impede the consideration of the submissions.
 from the end of september to june 2, a week-long briefing and audio-visual program was organized by the representatives of non-governmental organizations.
 2, the public sector and public utilities have taken the lead in the wind and public utilities.
 he stressed the point that the frente polisario had accepted a ceasefire in order to achieve self-determination by peaceful means.
 i don't know, and let's find a look.
 social welfare spending has been rapid growth<unk> in real terms, there will be 24 per cent compared with the year last year.
 in a free market economy, it is necessary to regulate the demand and increase in supply supply to meet demand.
 mr law chi-kwong: mr president, i would like to respond to the amendment proposed by miss emily lau.
 " the spokesman said the new rent is to be affordable.
 the government of canada is assessing the impact of the commission's recommendations.
 of course, family members have to be insulted, and the house was also destroyed and even destroyed.
 the officers shall be elected for two and a half years.
 a few deaths were killed in the post offices.
 tourism is the region of the caribbean region, with the economic life of the eastern island of the caribbean.
 in 1990, kuwait suffered from iraq and the economic structure of the country had been destroyed.
 it's alive or death.
 please refer to article 3 of 1992's transitional provisions in accordance with article 3 of 1992 (see note 1).
 turning to the asian monetary problem, the deputy prime minister reiterated the renminbi of the renminbi.
 mr tam is a great deal with the public and other areas of education.
 he also filed a complaint with the loss of food and sanitary conditions.
 the verification public has openly been publicly charged to use threats to the use of threats and damage to civilian property.
 because of the limitations of space restrictions, cartages must be broken down, narrowed by a narrow and narrow central passage.
 thus, all the offices of the global secretariat can indeed see what clauses are being streamlined and the right to ensure the rights of the staff would disappear in this process.
 right, it's right, ah.
 the prospects for the united nations have already been said.
 it's just like potototototototototototototototototototototototototototototos, and i don't eat.
 the new scheme is to set up 18 elderly health centres, as well as the 18 elderly health centres in early 2000.
 because of the recognition of the head-in-charge of the government, he was advised to enter the government departments.
 to safeguard the confidence of hong kong people and the people of hong kong, we have to seek to maintain existing immigration freedom.
 the labour sector has been firmly committed to the hong kong government.
 for nearly 40 years, kingsan has been the great friends of the united states and peace in the middle east.
 in the wake of the loss of land, it can only be able to spend a total of $ 600000000 per year.
 it is hoped that the committee's guidelines would lead to greater emphasis on the alternative to reservations.
 they felt that this may be ignored.
 the most difficult situation, including doctors and teachers, are women.
 the committee recommends that the state party seek further efforts to promote sustainable development programmes to prevent environmental degradation, especially air pollution.
 in the deployment of the sierra leone army on 29 may, the deployment of the sierra leonean army will be completed on 31 may.
 asianet daily summary-press releases are issued from 7 july 2001 to 10 december 2001.
 many of the many countries of the caribbean countries have largely relied on foreign trade and tourism.
 at that time, when yang yang didn't think about the mother's minds, it may be possible to get back.
 the government of japan's cabinet of the japanese government began to go to the host country every year.
 for example, only men had been worried about the probal cancer, which was only women.
 the lack of local administration, management and technical skills in order to resume the infrastructure, inspired the development of private sector development.
 the special rapporteur notes that in the entire story of the entire story, there is no unanimous and mutual contradiction between various figures.
 however, this first requires an anti-sultive machine-controlled machine-controlled machine-controlled device, including the failure of a failure.
 motorists are advised to strictly adhere to the new legislation to avoid traffic accidents.
 these difficulties clearly show that emerging markets continue to be fragile, leading to the re-evaluation of the credit risks.
 at that time, at that time, the government had been renovated by the government and returned to his hutus.
 in many developing countries, it might be necessary to create relevant training institutions.
 the first phase covers the speed limits of the west kowloon highway, kowloon west corridor and fanling road speed limit on march 28.
 additional legal powers include the use of materials in order to deal with crimes in order to deal with the crime of crime, " the spokesman added.
 a number of participants noted that some governments had referred to the standards referred to by the governments of the government in facing displacement issues.
 the results of civil society and non-governmental organizations have contributed to the outcome of the conference.
 the record is a private nature and the cost may be borne by each user.
 at the same time, two pilots and air airers will be charged with criminal offences.
 those who objected to the study is not scientific.
 however, today we do not have a good vote on different methods.
 i believe that the only wise method of " china's penal code is to see it how it is to cooperate with the basic law.
 the law was imposed on the rights of the military, the police and the national civil servants.
 however, the court has only been published in spanish, and the united states does not have access to fairness and assessment of the judgement.
 at that time, a distinction between food production and export crop production does not undermine food security.
 the scope of the discussion is in addition to the integration of countries with economies in transition.
 at the same time, it will also have a significant impact on the development of the country.
 during his visit, he met with senior government officials, members of parliament, distinguished academics and experts as well as non-governmental organizations.
 with china's accession to the world trade organisation, mrs anson chan believed that the interests of hong kong will be far more than ever.
 the proposed provision of $ 50220800 under this paragraph is an increase of $ 2269100 ($ 4).
 as for the long-term length of the work week, there is no change in denmark's 3 periodic report.
 (e) the plb station will be suspended from 1 pm to 5 pm on the plb road.
 in the case of the argument, the rights of the homosexuals is a part of the right to do so.
 with regard to the sierra leone police, the actual situation is still confined to the western part of the country.
 united nations peace-keeping personnel in the presence of united nations peace-keeping personnel are frequently events.
 the agreement will assist the conservation and conservation of the seas between the two countries.
 the number of types of mine-clearing equipment, radar and navigational equipment, the radar and various logistical equipment, such as tanks, arms and various logistical equipment, etc.
 article 9 and 10 are not affected by a state that does not affect the debtor or the rights of the debtor.
 serious and even the hardships of the festivals are difficult, " he said.
 the building was built on the construction of an daughter's daughter's daughter's daughter.
 the food and environmental hygiene department has taken anti-mosquito measures in his vicinity.
 in china, the region's region has continued to expand.
 in addition, the increase will be deployed to control passengers and baggage programmes.
 promoting the production of small farming households can significantly increase food security and improve living conditions.
 in the past, the hong kong government has a feeling of policy " without policy ".
 since the beginning of september 2000, over 1800 palestinians were killed and more than 25 people were injured.
 the chart shows the distribution of the period in the past 5 years and the distribution of general uses in the past 5 years.
 the results of the public consultation have shown that most of the respondents supported the abolition of the rent control.
 these costs were needed, management, monitoring and control of these costs.
 even if even the works of the exhibition, he demanded that 2<unk>3 of them are required to be non- sold.
 3: the real estate market is stable.
 in addition, severe floods have also been hampering the export of hong kong's exports to the mainland.
 the advisory committee notes that, in view of its budgetary level, the undof had not been established to establish a resident resident auditors.
 this is one of the main achievements of ukraine's independence.
 there is, however, to be a other general approach to address such problems.
 mr president, in hong kong, the problem of street sleepers in hong kong has long been a long way.
 since the bathing season for the beaches in the new territories have ended on october 31, these beaches are closed.
 when the grass medicine has been sent to the government medical practitioners, the government does not have any such equipment because the government has no such equipment.
 the situation in 1999 was further aggravated by the situation in 1999, and direct damage to human settlements and environmental degradation.
 the man was arrested for breach of dangerous goods ordinance.
 the committee's session, at the present session, was further examined by the additional information provided by the statistics division.
 for example, article 17 prohibits the arbitrary or unlawful interference of the family.
 the past 10 years has proved to be avoided by a peaceful means to avoid conflict.
 in order to prevent this situation, the state institutions are trying to open up some areas.
 the turkish republic of northern cyprus should therefore be a party to the european court of human rights in europe.
 there is no room for a new era of peace in the middle east in the middle east.
 this is important to ensure that the transition to the follow-up mission to the follow-up mission to the follow-up missions.
 well, er, today, er, the focus, er, will not be in the statement of the general assembly.
 during the period, the voices of the slaughtered pigs were found in the vehicle.
 the soldiers and migrants were carried out in the schools of the school, particularly in the schools of the hebron area.
 the political maintenance of malta is highly stable and fully respect for respect for human rights.
 the deputy director-general of trade, mr ying yiu-chuen, said today (tuesday) that the department is committed to further implementation of new initiatives to enable the textile industry.
 in tanking, big artillery used to consign the world, in the western part of the world, was too simple.
 there is evidence that east asia's revenue in east asia is attributable to an increase in the proportion of workers from working age.
 madam president, there are 51 days, and the world will take into a knowledge-based economy.
 the economy of hong kong's economy and the economic and export trade of hong kong will immediately cause damage to the detriment of the economy, and even the extent possible.
 she referred to that undp shifted to the results of a results-oriented approach.
 in the long run, a thorough solution to the problem will, of course, need to be completed by the western harbour crossing.
 the topic is a single choice of a single choice.
 however, after more than 20 years and millions of people, the only thing we can do is to show an open and firm and firm role.
 the appointment was published in the government gazette today.
 all aspects of the department, including planning and logistical issues, are responsible for the action unit.
 according to the copyright ordinance, the maximum penalty is a fine of $ 50000 and four years ' imprisonment.
 the orbital orbit of nuclear power devices is 6.6-610, and the orbital orbit of fuels is 6.7866. 66 degrees.
 he did not know that i was not told by the communist party.
 however, there is a need for further research and technical cooperation, particularly developing countries, to combat such a way.
 poverty and inequality, as well as growth and employment, are the core of the work of the united nations university.
 the conference emphasized the responsibility of the primary responsibility of the country as well as the principle of international solidarity and cooperation.
 the presence of the regional disarmament service is not to increase the value of work in the area within its location.
 he noted with satisfaction that the cost of assessed contributions in 2002 had reached 87.6 per cent, compared with 2001.
 it also provides a new way for the electronics and payment of marketing and marketing opportunities. "
 secondly, if the states parties to this agreement would continue to be bound by the agreement in future relations, such agreements continue to be effective.
 the report of the report is all the first dominated by christianity, especially catholics, 89 per cent of the reports.
 at the secretariat of the world conference secretariat, only one language text was available.
 all transactions of the exchange fund should be audited from time to time from time to time.
 peace and stability in the korean peninsula is to strengthen peace and prosperity.
 let's take a look at drug prices.
 they also pledged to renounce the use of force and violence, and agreements should be resolved as a matter of consultation.
 at the same time, only men do not have the right to work in the ancestral house and educators.
 the 10-year-old man of the republic of china, a decade of the republic of china, has also caused theft of theft.
 18. in line with the slow-down in overall economic activity, the labour market was slightly slower in the 1 quarter of 2001.
 secretary for works: madam president, even if the use of castle peak, i believe that the level of impact is too serious.
 the motive of the motive is sometimes defined by the definition.
 the united nations statistics division will observe the process.
 at the same time, due to budgetary tensions, the national government may not be able to provide financing for large infrastructure projects.
 in the light of the policy of control policies, the government has been through legislation, education and publicity.
 on 13 december 2000, ministers of the national government of south-eastern europe signed the declaration on trafficking in the fight against trafficking.
 if the parents reside in different countries, their children are entitled to their rights (art. 53).
 members of the public will find a simple moves, such as symonling, friend-in-hand hands, and helping the help of visitors.
 in short, male literacy reached 69 per cent and 33 per cent of women.
 at present, the penalty is that the penalty is to undermine freedom of association.
 the inter-agency committee on inter-agency experts used models of models and full-production tests that have been carried out by the inter-agency device.
 in the view of the panel, the majority of the purchases had been consumed, and it is suggested that provision is made for full compensation.
 a multi-year cooperation has been carried out in various activities of the ilo.
 one of the oldest tertiary institutions in europe has opted to recognize the most challenging chinese character.
 it is because of the fear that the international community has caused the scourge of landmines, which leads to death or disability.
 the 3 obligation of the country is to implement the right to food.
 the verdict was implemented by the public security authorities.
 this model has been repeated in other three rounds of direct talks in 1997.
 in recent years, the international community has paid a great deal of energy and resources to solve the problem of anti-personnel mines.
 in order to achieve goals and co-operation, the observer status of the general assembly will be extremely useful.
 mr tsang will return to hong kong on august 31 (sunday).
 such a vague message has not helped the people of hong kong and the international community to understand the content of mr patten's programme.
 (1) there are 12: uncrays, symoncycincycraphies, macraycincycincy, macraycra, and its quantity exceeding the rate of consumption.
 enquiries on the information made by the relevant information can be made to the election hotline 2588 1212 or fax to 536.
 the chances of peace in the middle east are now nearly ones and cannot lose this opportunity.
 as a result, the last stable 4400 people have been reduced.
 the members of the council made comments and posed questions on the briefing.
 the accused claimed the freedom of expression guaranteed by the basic law.
 the meteorological office has taken the accuracy of the weather forecasting and the following day on the following day.
 the president is represented at the international level.
 " many international fund companies and agencies and agencies of the international fund are located in hong kong.
 the accused intended the civilian population as such or individual civilians without direct participation in hostilities.
 after the 2 test test test was successfully launched in october 1997, the actual test of testing in the vehicle vehicle will be continued.
 the international court of justice provided assistance to the general assembly.
 we will continue to invest in investment education in order to ensure that hong kong has adequate talents to meet hong kong's needs.
 the committee recommends that the state party implement the comprehensive policy and action plan on the rights of the child.
 i am delighted to have opened the opening of the 2003 smes.
 the information on the environment and development of the united nations conference on environment and development (united nations): in rio, the message of the united nations conference on environment and development.
 the issue also dealt with other problems related to the return of refugees, where they go to the territory of the country.
 the representative of the european union fully supported the majority of the recommendations made by the experts.
 the illegal exploitation and international trade in the war in sierra leone is still a source of instability.
 china attaches great importance to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
 through the adoption of the law, the adoption of the adoption of the law may be legally legitimate, but it may be possible.
 witnesses of the case have also been seriously and sustained.
 the world programme of action has been completed since the last report, the netherlands, norway, norway, portugal and the united states.
 he expressed his suggestion that the proposal to write the calligraphy was: in his home to establish a corner in the family.
 during his visit to research and development laboratory, mr tung was informed of the day-to-day operation of the garments.
 the ministry of defence also seeks compensation for 22 works contracts directly to all three air force bases.
 ambassador of the ministry of foreign affairs of sudan, ambassador of the ministry of foreign affairs of the sudan (19.
 people can be able to eliminate their tensions at 1 degrees (149 degrees cels), every minute for each minute.
 what we want to go to africa <unk> this is precisely the leader of today's girl today.
 we are strongly encouraged to encourage the economic reform that the bretton woods institutions proposed by the bretton woods institutions.
 after buddhism came into china, it became a buddhism of chinese culture.
 police are continuing to have an investigation into the property in the vicinity of the vicinity.
 i would like to wish to wish this forum to be successful in hong kong.
 as a result of the beginning of pregnancy, it has to be avoided from the environment, and it is natural that they should be avoided.
 the standing committee was established by the under-secretary-general for management to monitor the implementation of this complex project.
 such institutions are highly influenced by individual markets.
 observes believe that 7% of economic growth is necessary to prevent high unemployment rates and possible social unrest.
 he said he had said that the sea " is a source of terror. "
 we will continue to implement the plan and is planned to increase the number of public utilities to 3200 in the end of this year.
 he is the member of the former executive council (1992-1992) and former legislative councillors (1997-1992).
 we hope that the united nations can make an effective contribution to the threat of the threat of peace and security.
 it is particularly important that the government has been able to maintain the operation of the government.
 it is, however, that the commitments may be in vain.
 the area covers the slopes, magang and yin hill village slopes, maggang, fengzan, hanging grass and flowers.
 in his light, he will also go to the small hotels in the small hotels.
 however, the work of the committee has suffered a setback in the cooperation of certain factions.
 in addition to food and drinks, the task force is required to calculate the administrative projects of the task force.
 in many months, members of the public and members of the legislative council will have a lot of views on the efficiency and performance of the civil service.
 i would also like to thank the council for its silence in the council because of the silence of silence more than the words.
 in addition to a small number of basic foodstuffs, gold, jewellery, activity and endangered species, all other goods will be imported.
 a police spokesman said that the mainland will continue to work closely with the law enforcement agencies in combating crimes in combating crime.
 the enhanced awareness of the world conference on racism is in line with the 3 objectives of the world conference.
 although the taxi was sent to the hospital, he was still killed by gun wounds.
 the department of health (dh) today (friday) announced the results of the first 11 months of the first 11 months of 1998.
 it is also recognized that existing arrangements have been made in the existing arrangements.
 the spokesman said: " the first reading of today's today shows that the water level is normal, " the spokesman said.
 on the contrary, many representatives still supports the budgetary budget.
 the review and possible extension of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons (npt) will be held next spring.
 the 1 group is stationed in western europe, the united states, canada, japan, hong kong, the republic of korea, australia, and law.
 english as a compulsory 2 language.
 for the elderly, the reason for the reason is not to be established.
 all of this is in place in the context of new freedom of globalization, and the phenomenon of globalization was to bring about progress and increase benefits.
 the egyptian president of egypt celebrated the " seventh " revolution on the occasion of the revolution.
 many of the new territories live in poverty.
 for advertisement signboards, the government has proposed the scheme to register a signboard to strengthen the safety of the public.
 it has been reported that the muslims were allegedly beaten to christians on 1 january 2000.
 there is no doubt that the government of liberia continues to violate the arms embargo.
 landmines have caused enormous losses not only to the affected countries and to the entire international community.
 foreign leaders have been able to maintain the low tax rate, and we have always been in a strong financial reserve.
 the kmt legislators chiang hsiao-yu's wife with his wife.
 article 5 of the bill may appeal to the application of a lawyer to appeal to the adjudication panel.
 mr ambrose lau: madam president, not only one year of china's history is not only one year of china's history.
 the state of state, kekedi, said a saying: if you are going to sleep, you are in the hearts of hatred.
 the tribunal rejected the accused of the accused, that japan could not launch a war against japan's war against japan.
 in response to the opportunities of the business community, the business community has expressed their intention to help development.
 general des santos santos will be promoted to the future in the future.
 so far, nearly 16000 persons now apply for permanent residents to apply for permanent residents, the vast majority of whom are poor.
 a fissile material cut-off treaty is reportedly linked to the ctbt and the control of the npt review process under the npt review process.
 the secretariat of the centre secretariat, the secretariat of the trade centre, was informed of the report that there were no offences during this period.
 he often loved with students in the guangdong province.
 all countries of the world are now experiencing financial tensions, which is due to global, regional and domestic economic changes.
 - a weekly press conference will be held on a regular basis.
 the rights of human rights and the people's rights of human rights and the rights of the people of human rights are in 1984.
 however, the selection of this site will be affected by a long-term impact on the north of the garden and the united nations and the neighbouring communities.
 new zealand police continue to investigate this incident.
 we are convinced that the situation in the country does not constitute a threat to international, even regional peace and security.
 there are a number of data collection issues, particularly from the perspective of the enterprise, in particular from the perspective of the enterprise (site family and personality.
 the prosecution will be submitted by the prosecution in early september 2002.
 the need to lift the operation of the ranks and other equipment required to be strengthened.
 similarly, member states that have opted for re-payment of re-payment may be used by member states to take advantage of their arrears.
 the spirit of partnerships, with the spirit of partnership, fulfils its commitments, and implementation of the new and other priority actions identified here.
 the conflict lies with poverty, deprivation and discrimination.
 among them, one of the 47-year-old man was attempting to put the fire, but did not succeed.
 one person is engaged in hostilities.
 the government denied that 6 persons were subjected to any physical and physical abuse.
 the reason is that the iraqi authorities wish to engage in a small company.
 the spokesman of the spokesman said that this is due to a result of the results of the land for too long.
 hong kong is a leading international city, high building building and prosperity.
 it was stated that the united nations system is currently more complex than the current competition in the united nations system.
 it is expected that the end of the 15 is the city of hubei city.
 we are all hong kong people.
 the electoral inspectors and officers, military observers and medical personnel are receiving peace-keeping training.
 the committee welcomes the concern of the state party in the field of education, but also expressed concern at the weakness of illiteracy and the weakness in schools.
 moreover, the high incidence of suicides in the elderly, medical care, medical and elderly services are still far from inadequate.
 on 19 april 2000, the sudanese government announced the cessation of air bombings carried out by the government of sudan, except for self-defence.
 some people say that this time is not in a " job ", but it's hard to work.
 otherwise, if mongolia returns return to the return of mongolia, russia is not conducive to russia's rise.
 it also takes into account the specific circumstances of the country, as well as forest management management measures.
 because of their mother's hometown, they have become the owner of the commander.
 other member states of member states will be held in alphabetical order in alphabetical order in the english character.
 the business world has to nurture graduates for practical skills.
 the government of sweden was deeply concerned at the fact that a large number of communications is still pending by the treaty bodies.
 undcp was primarily used by the main use of external independent independent independent independent independent experts.
 however, the governor said: hong kong's economy is robust, and gdp growth is 5 percent annually.
 in this regard, i was informed that the transitional administrative committee held the first meeting today in cape town today.
 last year, in order to support the democratic aspirations of the people, the republic of korea to east timor was dispatched to east timor.
 he was not saying that the question of the guide was not important<unk> on the contrary, it remains very important.
 special attention has been given to those countries that need assistance in the preparation of the initial report.
 women who are subjected to ill-treatment did not want to be able to solve their own problems.
 the ability of the sanctions regime has been decided by the implementation of the sanctions regime.
 the above-mentioned activities is proof.
 there are also an effective mechanism to deal with disputes between employers and employers.
 we have a deep sense of urgency to member states not to climb the mountain.
 only after all these issues can be achieved, it will be possible to achieve better development.
 the philippines, the philippines, presented five awards and international cooperation each year.
 after the hotme of the feng-feng's bowl's bowl.
 one participant said that this was the fact that the country has been in the country's historically advocates in the country.
 however, there is another point of view on the non-proliferation of non-proliferation: in order to avoid further proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 the suspect was a 35-year-old man and was the head of a vehicle.
 he pointed out that the report of the country's reporting system is good, and other countries in the region were not in the region.
 such letters shall be required by the secretary-general of the conference, which should be requested to the mission, but this situation is minimal.
 under the under-secretary-general for disarmament affairs, mr. janta, under under-secretary-general for disarmament affairs, attended the 5th plenary meeting on 28 february 2002.
 the establishment of the sar's preparatory committee is fully reflected in the consistent basic policy of the chinese government.
 however, this is a result of the continued pick-up in the economy as a result of further recovery in the economy.
 these wastes are often dismissed.
 on the morning of the whole morning, police patrollings were located in the urban area, and sometimes in the city of the city.
 in order to maintain the overall expenditure, these increases will need to be offset by an increase in the sector.
 to promote professionalization of the construction industry, businessization, i think we have been very anxious.
 under the existing system, it is not possible to take into account a specific rate of inflation in the budget.
 the national air airlines won the best overall investor relationships and the best crisis management award.
 this is the final teaching and belt of the mohamed mohamed mohammed.
 there is no order in order to do so.
 under article 2 of the law, the fight against terrorism is the jurisdiction of the czech force.
 the member states of the european union have done its ability to provide their expertise with any state party to submit their expertise.
 we must end this road.
 in addition, a roadside bombing bombing killed a soldier in baghdad.
 the 3-year part of the last 3 days was sunny. the weather was slightly lowered on december 30.
 in addition, africa is the only regional region since the early 1990s since the early 1990s.
 senior citizens, people with disabilities, full-time students and comprehensive social security assistance recipients.
 however, the court may decide whether children or juveniles can be allowed to decide whether or not to allow reporters to be heard.
 furthermore, all sacred religions are urged to respect human and dignity in respect of human and their rights and dignity.
 later, they took me to see the flowers of " black buckets ".
 they would not want to see the confrontation between the two sides of the straits, confrontations, confrontations, even even crashed.
 we have proved to be correct, and our doubts have been confirmed.
 some of the " friends of " friends " (the non-chinese).
 the introduction of new fee tv services is also expected to bring more than 100 tv channels for hong kong.
 she immediately told her five-year-old husband, after the three three-year-old husband.
 this was followed by the mainland (9.8%), germany (6.2%), japan (5.7%), japan (5.7%) and france (47.1%).
 we hope that member states will also take note of the need for these actions that have already been mentioned in the debate.
 at this juncture, many women, children and the elderly are in the great lakes region of the great lakes region of the great lakes region.
 the 1 is a more program.
 the united states is the largest voluntary donor countries of rwanda and the former yugoslavia in the former yugoslavia.
 preparations for the meeting held during the 46 session of the commission, including the theme, content and arrangements of the conference.
 security threats are not only from the accumulation of weapons but also from poverty, unemployment and environmental degradation.
 the claimant provided the loan of the loan agreement, which set out the property of the claim.
 the threat of terrorism is a major problem of concern to the international community.
 it is expected that the hong kong economic and economic partnership arrangement will be strengthened after the signing of the end of this month.
 asianet daily summary-press releases are released on wednesday, 21 november 2001.
 i would also like to refer to the important role of civil society<unk> i would like to talk about this issue.
 in addition, the sar's special administrative region " and the munition ordinance may also control weapons into the hands of terrorists.
 attention is being paid to the provision of human rights, infrastructure and services provided by the provision of basic medicines, infrastructure and services.
 in addition, the seminar in bolivia will be organized in bolivia in november 1993 in latin america.
 enquiries about the survey results may be directed to the wholesale and statistics department on 2802 1258 1258.
 <unk> 72 <unk> at the 1 session of the ad hoc committee, most delegations proposed the deletion of this paragraph.
 mrs ip pointed out that, after the feasibility study, the authorities considered smart idd idd identity cards.
 the courage of the east german people in the peaceful revolution is a decisive factor in the process of comprehensive change.
 <unk> disclosure of any restrictions relating to investment related to investment related to investment related to investment.
 the liberal party's liberal party, mr edward ho said, has been ready to know.
 perhaps this is why the government of iraq would prefer to maintain the status quo.
 the government of lesotho take steps to establish a mechanism for improving the situation of women in lesotho.
 he announced that those who live in the cuban hotel will be regarded as the enemy.
 the final report submitted to the relevant government officials, including the implementation of the appointments.
 it is the secretary-general's report that the report of the secretary-general would make it clear.
 these are the priorities of the international community in the area of nuclear disarmament since 1995.
 in explaining the legislative proposals, mrs ip said that treason had been able to go into the country as a outside of the outside.
 the transport department (td) announces that, as a result of the traffic accident in the tung chung road, the closure is closed.
 i am not because the government will not legislate the bill.
 perhaps more attention should be given to the risk of risk management of hazardous wastes in the future.
 i assure you the full support of my delegation.
 parties will take the necessary measures to prevent environmental pollution, to ensure reasonable utilization of natural resources.
 the department also issued 36 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, 16 and 13 in the new territories.
 the secretary-general welcomes the recommendations of both the headquarters and management of the headquarters and field.
 just now, mr sin chung-kai said that there were many broadcasting operators lobbying him and he might have been persuaded to have their lobbying.
 under the united nations and the organization of african unity (oau) in 1988, a referendum was held in 1992.
 i hope members will actively support these recommendations, speedy works and planning procedures.
 taiwan has also been working hard for the road to japan.
 the first " music festival " in korea's 2 major major major cities in korea was opened today in south korea today.
 the international community must continue to urge the two parties to stand in good faith in good faith in good faith.
 you are the labor party, but we are not the democratic party.
 mr tsang said the fire services department had been supported by the fire services department in april last year and was supported by the fire services department in april last year.
 in armenia, the prevention of the aids prevention centre in armenia has been operational in armenia.
 at the same time, a significant proportion of the labour force in many industrialized countries has been virtually rising.
 in the more developed regions, 4 to 7 per cent of older persons live in such institutions.
 the total number of workers in the basic service is 1151.
 as indicated in paragraph 12 above, the panel finds that the value of the value was exaggerated, and this is 5 per cent.
 we have to experience this process, but it should be extremely careful to prevent the discussions on the external image of the united nations.
 in developing countries, the ratio of older persons in rural areas exceeds the elderly in urban areas.
 for example, in 1996, the republic of korea, for example, had an important investment partner in india.
 the final sentence of the second sentence of the second sentence of the 2 option was to the lack of adequate evidence.
 in conclusion, we believe that the role of the united nations in overcoming the crisis in east timor has played a critical role.
 we are precisely the question of the resources of the democratic republic of the congo.
 as a result, a clear consensus on the principles of the charter of the united nations, in accordance with the principles of the charter of the united nations.
 with regard to nutrition, it is pointed out that my country has been self-sufficiated since 1997.
 since every month, they will go to north korea.
 a number of participants emphasized the importance of the general assembly on the treatment of crime prevention and the treatment of offenders.
 she suggested that, in accordance with the informal consultations of member states, the secretariat drafted the form of a draft proposal.
 21 small towns, through the community centres of the community centre.
 the chairman announced that there were 22 votes in favour of the amendment, 31 by the 31.
 i am compared to the fact that although i was not qualifications, although it is not enough to be qualifications.
 the right to dignity encompasses discrimination against women, as one of the most important and most basic human rights.
 in the entire period of transition, the employment rate of rural areas was lower than the towns.
 in mogadishu is particularly critical.
 during the volcanic crisis of the volcanic crisis, the minister of education was forced to use residential, restaurants, tents and bars.
 the committee reviewed a total of 118 reports (see annex i).
 this has also led to unita's efforts to bring into neighbouring countries.
 (1) insert the words non-inform words between the council and the conference.
 ybe o and cheung shayi can use the above-mentioned service to tung chung and other public transport.
 it is difficult to expect to further delay the consequences of disarmament debates.
 the president: i thank the representative of the republic of korea for his statement and the kind words addressed to the chair.
 as a result, the security of the mission and the security of personnel in the mission and humanitarian organizations are threatened.
 another section of the adversibility of the temporary financial resources will be deposited in short-term, short-term deposits.
 since the 12 session of the commission on human rights, the situation of the special rapporteur's mandate has been improved.
 finally, the sudanese government has denied any connection with the alleged incident.
 this request was approved by the party central and state council.
 in almost all cases, banks have studied their own research and learning more on the performance of women.
 i would like to respond to the words " if he should be granted " or not ".
 it's no doubt that if the minister did insist on the insistence of mr chao's insistence, it would not have been known to be known.
 professor pik, which is 14 years ago, was found to be greater than output of the output of the world's energy.
 if fear is not good enough to speak, they will never speak.
 the committee urges the state party to ensure that the rights of the constitution applies to non-state actors and the private sector.
 it is with natural and nature.
 today's signing is a land contract, valued with a value of $ 60000000, and the contractor will be the chinese international economic technical cooperation company.
 the patient agrees with such a view that decreases and reduction of treatment would cause more people to insist on treatment.
 i, now, is the under-secretary-general for the 10th session and is responsible for the construction of the occc.
 there is an urgent need to play a comprehensive comprehensive primary health-care facilities on the ground.
 in addition, the coordination mechanism for the coordination mechanism is necessary.
 a: you can say that it is a little lonely.
 i will not.
 the committee also expresses its concern about the samigrant people in the samissian people of the samigrant people.
 this is a sharp contrast to the growth rate of 7 per cent between 1991 and 1996.
 however, the fruits of the democratic countries of the majority of our democratic countries have not yet been achieved.
 " in this way, tender documents and submissions are available to the tender paper, which is in line with the cost-effectiveness.
 on 22 december, the governor of the province of the province of the province of the province was assassination.
 mr tsang will return to hong kong on the same day.
 mr tong stressed that hong kong has always been in a fair and fair manner.
 the boats were taken to st. johns detained by st. johns detention until later released.
 this is lucky.
 it was noted that the right to sexual security rights had traditionally been regarded as a strong security right.
 traditionally, the national standing committee of the national people's national people's national people's congress will also be easily used.
 in the view of the panel, the issue of donors has been well known, and this is not clear.
 the 2 phase of the pilot scheme was conducted in the second half of 2004.
 the establishment of different health standards for women and women in order to ensure access to equal opportunities.
 human rights operations have urged the above-mentioned agencies to deal with these cases and also assists the resumption of the judicial system.
 in belgium, france, the united republic of tanzania and the united states of america will have been transferred to arusha.
 the competition will be posted on april 23, which will take place at the presentation ceremony to be held in may.
 in conclusion, he said the government of the united states was very grateful to the under-secretary-general for internal oversight services during his term of office.
 the palestinians must spare no effort to stop the attacks against innocent civilians.
 repair work is being urgently carried out and normal supply is expected to resume at 5 pm today.
 the chairman noted that the draft protocol had been made to the different positions of the parties to the parties.
 the linked exchange rate system is a factor in maintaining hong kong's financial and financial stability.
 for the empty time, dr chung left the air.
 as a result of the flood prevention works, a total of about 7802 square metres of private agricultural lots in yuen long.
 the political field could not be considered to be regarded as a separate space in which the majority of the people are not able to contact.
 in february this year, the government's government officially took office in the republic of korea.
 for instance, fair competition is one of the examples of representative ".
 in the area of the public information profession, the reporter's journalist " has already been entire.
 food and medicine, as well as other items, have been interrupted by the food and medicine and other items.
 argentina was grateful to the promotion of the new dialogue which aims at creating a new dialogue on cooperation in the region.
 heart.
 at the beginning of november last year, the design competition was launched in november last year for the engineer and archactors of the world.
 chief executive: mr ho, i recall the issue when i am going to talk about the problem when i talk about this.
 police today (thursday) appeal to members of the public to provide information on the whereabouts of two missing persons.
 in the 97-year cycle of chickens, the people of hong kong should still be dismayed in the past.
 the injured persons included police and civilians.
 <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 these missiles have a range of 150 kilometres of a range of 150 kilometres.
 women in many sub-saharan africa, particularly many of the sub-saharan african countries, reached more than 50 per cent, as well as 90 per cent.
 in the past, he noted that in the past, there must be more than hundred battles.
 mr president, one year ago, i and mr ronald arculli, mr. james tien went to beijing in beijing.
 no one would appear to speak.
 about 25 per cent of the major securities market averaged by 10%.
 similarly, it calls for those countries that continue to use, production or acquisition of anti-personnel landmines to stop the activities of anti-personnel landmines.
 gold and nine per cent less than five kilometers, less than five kilometers of taiwan's gold mines.
 it is not true that the two deposits have been rejected by a large amount of money.
 as long as 100 meters of the hang road, there have been a wide range of black seas at the time of over 300 meters.
 the hearing was conducted on the 14 floor of the 14 floor, wan chai kwan road, wan chai.
 she was rushed to her hospital where she was rushed to the recent hospital where she was rushed to the hospital.
 in hospital for hospitalization, her husband had visited the hospital to visit her.
 at the time of the adoption of the present report, the initial report of kazakhstan has not been received.
 a total of 45 fixed penalty notes were issued by the fehd.
 this means that italian law provided that the provisions of the forfeitor would be confiscated, as requested by mutual conditions.
 three quarters of the region were forced to flee their homes, and hundreds of thousands of people have been refugees and internally displaced persons.
 following the massive killing of prisoners of war in the last year, afghanistan was caught in a serious risk of atrocities.
 we do need the two things in our society. "
 this situation led to a disturbing phenomenon, that many members of these groups are unwilling to use health and other social services.
 many of these new arrivals come from north afghanistan.
 it will not allow the audience to be disappointed every year.
 <unk> 15 new secondary schools.
 many scholars from asia and the united states will introduce china, bhutan, south korea, the middle east and japan.
 the government of the sudan has not opposed him to the sudanese people's liberation army in the southern sudan and nuba mountains.
 the panel has inspected the police and judicial records of several cases of police and judicial records, including trafficking in arms and ammunition.
 the committee further requests that the general population of slovakia was widely disseminated by the general public.
 on instructions from my government, i would like to inform you of the events that took place on 16 november 1996.
 this scheme is also aimed at stepping down the energy efficiency of the market in the market.
 it is estimated that there is a need for humanitarian assistance in all of the province in the province.
 the chairman suggested that, as a result of further consultations, the committee should continue to consider the draft resolutions.
 this is designed to be used for hundreds of kilometres.
 this is a part of the rapid integration of rapid technology and financial innovation and the rapid integration of the global economy.
 in addition, there is also a political monitoring and review of intelligence and agents.
 travel, communications and other items decreased by 6.9 per cent, 9 per cent and 14 per cent, respectively.
 i do not think that these risks are being threatened by the united nations.
 sustaining head injuries, the woman was rushed to queen mary hospital where he was certified dead.
 despite the rapid integration of the multilateral trading system in many developing countries, it has not yet been anticipated.
 historically, history has given us a great lesson for us: the closures and tubes too long.
 the united states and the united states shall pay a price for aggression against iraq and its people.
 prior to 1996, the recent executions were in 1982 and 1983.
 in 1999 and 2000, a number of specific programmes have been made to implement a number of specific programmes.
 the united states government has not been able to provide a evidence to confirm that such allegations.
 those who committed these acts appear to have been subject to the prosecution of the judicial authorities.
 the representatives of the economic and social council in the economic and social council (including the commission) of the economic and social council (including the commission on human rights).
 the committee submits further information to the claimants in accordance with the rules in accordance with the rules of its claims.
 on 9 february 1996, the government endorsed two projects with the assistance of the united nations development programme to support the demobilization process.
 we reaffirmed the principle of universality of the rights of the child in the framework of culture.
 for example, there were 56898484 8484 candidates in 1994, and 5667 3838 have been eligible for universities.
 a police spokesman reiterated that similar operations would be conducted regularly to combat vice-related activities.
 in support of the audience's enthusiastic support from the host audience, the silver medals won silver medals.
 the present report covers the period from 18 august 1995 to 20 september 1995, on the date of the 27 report of the special committee.
 as mentioned above, the anti-terrorism bill will deal with the question of providing support to the terrorist acts of terrorism.
 in the area of waste recycling facilities, he said that the government is studying some additional energy-saving facilities in the community.
 to this end, the special representative continues to urge the international community to launch the " implementation of the " implementation ".
 attention must also be given to the increasing number of human rights violations in various parts of the world in the world.
 i would also like to see you in your hands and oppose the united states representative.
 the united nations office of the united nations information centre for the home page consists of the united nations united nations office on the home pages, beiry, the united nations office in beiry, the united nations office in the united nations office.
 in the area of outer space sources of outer space sources, special relevance is directed against radiation sources and requests for radiation sources.
 4. 32 points, the safe landing of the spacecrafts of mongolia's 4-year-old prince of mongolia's 4.
 the bureau subsequently decided that the draft basic principles should be submitted to the preparatory commission at its 8 session.
 other issues relating to the non-proliferation of mass destruction of weapons of mass destruction are also available to the transfer of missiles which can be provided.
 chen chen said that the road link will be opened at the end of august.
 we hope to take a decision.
 as well as representatives from various sectors of hong kong, a total of 11 people attended the reception.
 in addition, the civilian population brought to the civilian population, which is now causing 1500000 inhabitants.
 <unk> 37 <unk> in particular the chinese constitution and the constitution of certain eastern european countries.
 there is no difference between residents living in the inhabitants of the region.
 if you are aware of the attention, we will find that in recent years we can see that in recent years we have become increasingly poor.
 the central bank claimed that this initiative would be conducive to the consolidation of the effectiveness.
 at present, we have no information on how to treat the 3 batch of students in the 3 instalment.
 at that time, he has been handed over to a 12 set of material. he was at least 10 sets.
 the association provides work for the elderly, in particular their spirit and material interests and well-being.
 for the banks in hong kong, a multinational international bank of cross-border international banks are the lowest in the world.
 ontario, all levels of teaching at all levels are considered professional.
 on the other hand, the information and experience of the pilot scheme will be available for us to prepare a similar trade in future products.
 the water level at the hill water station is 3.3 meters below the water level.
 in his view, the eu should continue its efforts to urge iraq to implement the resolutions of the united nations.
 the british government has made the so-called democratic reform of the so-called democratic reform, emphasizing human rights.
 there is a large number of evidence that some women have committed the atrocities against women.
 the environmental protection department (epd) today (may 12) released the latest grading of beaches to inform the public about the water quality of beaches in hong kong.
 any in-depth investigation must be made clearly between the civilian casualties and casualties of the civilian population.
 they considered that option 3 is the basis for the definition of the definition.
 there is no doubt that the statement made by the deputy secretary-general of the deputy secretary-general is the expression of such solidarity.
 chairman: i would now like to announce the outcome of the voting, which opposes the vote, objecting to the vote.
 in ashkaliga community, the atmosphere remained tense in the region in mitrovica in november, and the atmosphere remains tense.
 during the time time, it would be a good time to return to the first public and the new governor.
 strong rules of war rules must be developed in order to guarantee the parties to the peace agreements.
 the basic knowledge of such media has been too poor.
 in october 1991, unitar's office of government officials responsible for undp in the interim government of ethiopia, undp, is responsible for the project.
 as a result of management and maintenance costs, the rental adjustment will only be subsidized by some of the expenditure. "
 the key part of the government tourism strategy is to maintain the dynamic image of the islands.
 this distance is the case of 40 metres. this is the exaggeration of the tenlights of the past.
 we have also suffered a number of acts of terrorism in our country.
 it is difficult to say that the state power is unable to intervene, otherwise it would become " interference in the press. "
 there are more than 200 universities of the chinese students who are " true.
 our reform and rehabilitation efforts have already been produced.
 there is also a lack of food.
 the observer for the observer for the russian federation, the russian federation and ukraine, would sign a bilateral treaty.
 we call on iraq to cooperate with the new committee and the iaea.
 we deplore the fact that the political process has been lacking progress and the return of refugees.
 as politicians and systems are lack of credibility, each election has a high level of abstaining.
 however, on the other hand, the mainland market is a horrible in taiwan.
 the current prevalence of hiv is 2 per cent, and the caribbean could be subjected to a large impact on the size of the south-east.
 a note of the activities of the committee on 11 november 1996, from 11 to 22 november 1996, will be reported in the annual report of the committee.
 on the other hand, the environmental protection of the environment is not known at that place.
 the government is expected to apply to the finance committee on 7 november.
 but in our struggle, we do not feel that we are not taking action.
 of course, this is the theoretical.
 however, even if i do not win you, i have a 45% vote.
 the long-standing congress of the general assembly was held in july 2001.
 it's easy.
 these actions reflect the best humanitarian access to the tragedy of landmines in a single and one-fold approach.
 the number of water supplies for many years (the entire year, 214 mm) as a basis for the purpose of the project.
 the company will continue to develop a five-year plan, but the main objective is to enable these projects to be a year-on-year plan.
 as a result, the estimate was reduced by 15 per cent ($7320100).
 in the year 2000, 23 countries of the population of 23 countries have a population of 3<unk>4 of the world's population, with 28 countries.
 the new partnership for africa's new partnership for africa's development initiative was encouraged by african leaders in july 2001.
 the project is free of charge.
 the committee has repeatedly stressed that the cooperation of the administering powers was crucial to the work of the committee in its work.
 a workshop was organized for botswana in october 2001.
 for many years, the government and non-governmental organizations have been explored by the government and non-governmental organizations for the reform of the social welfare agencies.
 non-trital coloncy (the-called family ") has been widely recognized in pensions, social security welfare, husband and wife.
 with regard to the recent report of the board of auditors, emphasis was placed on the importance of detailed statistics on the basis of gender and age.
 in most developing countries, for the completion of the department's priorities for the completion of the department's priorities, the provision of individual grants and individual transfers were common.
 we have made a letter to the secretariat and the security council by the security council and the security council.
 as a result, the 70-year-old mother's mother had to go back to his heart.
 market dependence and fluctuations.
 in order to maintain a financial stability, many people have imagined the difficulties that we have imagined.
 the concept of sovereignty is a major link between the state respect and the protection of its citizens.
 in the general debate on the issue of chechnya, statements were made by the representatives of the commission, observers and non-governmental organizations.
 in 1999, he was a short interruption of his diplomatic service to meet the new challenges, that is, to coordinate international relations in europe.
 " the construction industry is of paramount importance to the promotion of hong kong's prosperity.
 right, because at that time i was busy, i was very busy, so i was very busy.
 in addition, seven people killed seven people.
 this issue is to be posted for you for you.
 in yakan, the accuracy of the two methods is about 1.5.
 the form of ethics of the university of the university<unk> in 1995, 298 centres were held in 1995<unk> in 1995, more than 2000 examinations were held in 1995<unk>
 as a result, a total of 673 mine clearance activities were monitored, and 390 in the federation of the republika srpska in bosnia and herzegovina.
 the movement of freedom of movement is the entire territory of the country, including various parts of the federation.
 other participants in the operation include the police, customs and excise department, the customs and excise department.
 some countries expressed different views on the length of preparations for the preparatory period, from a year to three years.
 we believe that these measures will help to enhance the consumer sentiments of the people's consumer sentiment.
 the report of the independent expert has a significant value in clarifying the relationship between the right to food and the right to development.
 " it will also be possible for the police force, " the spokesman added.
 in fact, if mr cheung does not propose amendments to the amendment, i will propose.
 it would be more likely to be paid on the road.
 the director of hong kong and the director of hong kong economic and trade office in canada (june 24) said: " as a host agency, we are delighted to be very happy.
 now, right now, we are very closely concerned about the dynamics of the epidemic.
 the definition of " education curricula " is very often a matter of many controversy.
 he has received formal music training to the united states.
 there is a case of rape, but it is more rare.
 there is also a special attention.
 it's like that, uh, a giant bomber, which is very powerful, is very powerful.
 israel will continue to be the failure of the secretary of state powelling peace in the peace mission.
 the non-governmental sources provided to the special rapporteur that he was unable to visit some areas.
 as of today, 265,000 have returned to their homes, which accounted for more than 10 per cent of the population.
 this change in the labour structure will lead to an increase in the wages of the employees of these companies.
 however, taiwan belongs to a tropical maritime climate.
 most of the timber products of the east are always exported through the congo to kinshasa.
 such an important issue is to be able to make a clear conclusion.
 a 36-year-old man was sentenced to imprisonment for trafficking in dangerous drugs and dangerous drugs in the district court today (october 13).
 attention should also be given to the right to appeal to 3 parties, such as consumers.
 it's not only the time, not only the times, but it's not only the economic recovery.
 witnesses and hospitals, the explosion caused more than 100 casualties and a number of serious casualties.
 the contractor has immediately embarked on the breeding body.
 the violent situation in rwanda has been passed by the people of zaire, as well as the refugee camps in the united republic of tanzania.
 more than 300 per cent of the war in sierra leone has been displaced by the war in sierra leone.
 but the communists of the chinese communist party has not stopped, but it's merely concealed blood.
 on 20 metres, a man believed to be a cyclus of his cyclus.
 i would like to take a look at it. i think this is a very irony picture.
 afghanistan is in the process of a turbulent transition, and the most of the conflict has continued.
 we often hear that a certain man was feared by his wife.
 the environment is very fragile, and there is no need for a large number of populations.
 the tsuen wan, tsuen wan, was located in a hill fire on november 27, burnt lin shun-da.
 the result has led to the indigenous inhabited government, demonstrations, some even street street and street.
 in addition, these attacks were reported to contain the computer and other office equipment and one of the other office equipment and one of one organization.
 there is a lot of problems with regard to the rescue of the fire.
 in the past 15 years of history, we have defeated the challenges of our pride.
 with regard to the seas, there is no public indictment.
 he said: " 154 cases are still under way, " he said.
 the united states congress decided to pay $ 313 million in regular budget and $ 282.4 million in peace-keeping operations.
 it's because, as a result, there is no right to get a rock.
 many people are now very well-off.
 south africa is the heroes of our times.
 after looking at the policy address, the impression that the people of the public are " 1 ".
 the white paper said that china's foreign trade exports had been an important factor in processing trade exports since the 1990s.
 therefore, the western corridor railway should be completed as soon as possible.
 in one time, the outlook for chinese medicine industry is bright.
 on 11 december 1997, he was arrested on 11 december 1997.
 the united states and the united kingdom launched joint military operations in the united states and the united kingdom on 17 december 1998.
 no matter how difficult to solve the problem, this process must rely on dialogue and peaceful means rather than guns.
 the satellite applications centre for south science and industrial research boards are located at the alghuhuhu, situated near johannesburg.
 in 1960, he was a british command of a british command.
 in the case of the fires, many workers were seriously injured.
 it is related to the cultural differences between the two countries and of the two countries.
 we believe that we believe that there is a long-term and short-term anti-term measures on piracy and counterfeiting problems.
 china has always supported and participated in the efforts of the united nations to resolve the middle east problem.
 new action, such as a high-level decision-makers group, could be most effective.
 a written evidence should be made by the survey authorities to provide written evidence to 25 per cent and 50 per cent.
 such measures were reaffirmed by the general assembly on the outcome of the 5 special session of the beijing platform for action on the 5 special session of the beijing platform for action.
 this amount is therefore in place in the jurisdiction of the committee.
 (d) planning and participation of disaster management exercises in the civil service.
 today, the situation has forced hong kong once again again.
 there is no person who intends to be arsor, which is alleged to be an oil of the construction workers, as it was found in kfor.
 dr leong che-hung: madam president, i would like to raise 3 points.
 it would, of course, be a fact that the person who receives a visit to the visit will become a reality.
 the operation was conducted smoothly, " the spokesman added.
 (b) and (iii) we have sent a consultant to the consultant, who indicated that they had not refused to meet with individual organizations.
 education for children's homes is mainly aimed at helping children to reloc into mainstream schools or employment market.
 but we know that, since the beginning of the beginning of the beginning, it has been very bad.
 during the above-mentioned period, the number of inspections has increased by 6.9 per cent, while regular checks decreased by 23.5%.
 in the long term, the government should take into account a single single single single person in the review of public housing policies.
 he also heard that the release of prisoners who had been released had been forced to withdraw their political activities in exchange for economic benefits.
 we emphasize the need to maintain the refugee status of timorese refugees, which will remain in west timor after december 2002.
 i thought it was a way.
 with regard to promoting development, japan is changing the economic structure and banking system.
 in spain, the international year of the international year has played a decisive role in promoting our society for the elderly and the elderly.
 enquiries on commercial licences<unk> applications for industrial funding<unk> and small and medium-and medium-sized enterprises.
 secondly, nuclear-weapon-free zones should not endanger the peace and security of the region as a whole.
 the amount of investment guidelines for investment in the amount of assets is 25 per cent and 25 per cent.
 although he welcomed the cooperation between the united nations and regional organizations, he stressed the importance of the united nations general responsible for peace-keeping operations.
 the state council also set up a two-third of ministers, vice-ministers 2 to 4 persons.
 with regard to money-laundering, argentina legislation stipulates that the confidentiality of bank secrecy can break the confidentiality of bank secrecy.
 i would like to refer to the two examples, and there are many members of the council.
 some parents have even encouraged their children to spend their own street.
 finally, i would like to remind young people, but i should like to remind young people to be able to make a special attention to you.
 this is more better than that of the ecosystem, er, on some of the studies, some of the research, or trial.
 there is a need for a period of 120 to 180 days.
 as the world's largest migrants in the world, the united states supports the efforts to facilitate the family of family reunification.
 the competition will be conducted on november 10 and 11 this year.
 an increase in the number of extortions in the business sector, which resulted in a number of enterprises to protect the production of their assets.
 the other point is that these so-called external structures in these so-called external structures are actually included in the watertass, iron rails, iron rails, or signboards.
 at the same time, it may be reviewed by a ministerial ministerial meeting in two years.
 since the government has a huge surplus, the government wants to take measures to improve the livelihood of the people's livelihood.
 the carkam group confirmed the fact that illegal exploitation of the resources of the democratic republic of the congo continues to be confirmed.
 he urged the united states to say that it would not allow chen shui-bian to engage in life in any pretext and any kind of life.
 prior to the winds of winds, the administration's administration has made a alert response to the warning and a preliminary preparedness plan.
 as a result, i found them as a result of fruits.
 the people of these countries should be grateful for god, the people of these countries won independence and freedom.
 we must ensure that samples and processing standards are required, " the spokesman added.
 the theme of the competition is a culture of culture.
 <unk> 253 <unk> the distribution of proceeds of insolvency property will be carried out in accordance with the high level of reimbursement for creditors.
 the request for this request should be done by the present request.
 there are also some things.
 the global monitoring system will be actively related to the countries concerned.
 so far, there has been no 3 phase of supplies.
 ukraine has participated in more than 20 per cent of peacekeeping operations, including current peacekeeping operations and peacekeeping missions, including current peacekeeping operations and peacekeeping missions.
 they believe that this is the shiite muslim who was kidnapped by armed elements in the town.
 it is also impossible for the contractor to make such a request.
 next, he has to ensure that the designers and printers will be able to obtain the technology to obtain the technology.
 i would also like to thank the permanent representative of singapore, mr. president of singapore, as president of singapore, as president of the council as president of the council.
 as we all know, several bars in the region have been prostitution in the region.
 mr lam is said to be the way in which he is said to be the case.
 on the question of question, it should be considered that the date of entry into force in the new law should be given effect.
 we are not able to grasp the future, but we have already set up new schools in the north district.
 i firmly believe that it is only a long-term solution to the problems of the region in the area of europe.
 as a result of the bursting of water pipes, the university of chatham polytechn university was closed.
 prevention of drug abuse education must be integrated into the education system as part of a life-long education.
 the main objective of the area is to restore the best economic and ecological value of the affected areas.
 frankly speaking, it is not only the democratic party.
 this provides a local information centre for all projects and assessment of a local information centre.
 first of all, it must be assured that the living conditions of all persons have dignity.
 however, no matter has been done not yet to be improved.
 as to other means of transportation, it is precisely what the mass transit railway corporation is unwilling to do.
 no wonder those who feel that the knowledge of the knowledge economy and the networking societies will feel dismayed.
 in the context of adolescent reproductive health care, for example, the incidence of teenage pregnancy is far higher than in the region.
 the road is the direct and reconstruction of the balkans, which is the best way to assist in self-help.
 moreover, the monopoly is not a monopoly in the entire sector.
 the government's government and armed groups appear to have a sufficient light weapons.
 it set up a series of decentralization in the territory of greece and through a telecommunications network and the central meteorological station in the territory of greece.
 the mpfa spokesman noted that the mpf scheme was a retirement scheme.
 in addition, a total of about 60 per cent of the total payment is the very short-term resources of the african development bank.
 we have also called on schools, teachers, parents and society to join in promoting german and civic education, " he added.
 a spokesman for the customs and excise department today (may 21) said: " this case is still under investigation. "
 the bar association also agreed to ensure that the effective functioning of the notification system is reasonable.
 in addition, the charter of the united nations has also established laws and institutions.
 libya continues to be seriously and responsible for the implementation of the beijing platform for action.
 tcdc is aimed at assisting in the area of particular concern in the development agenda.
 the second point is related to the police emergency, search and seizure of the police.
 in explanation of background information, he said: " the exchange fund held a considerable amount of local securities portfolio, " he said.
 despite the infants and maternal mortality rates in recent years, the mortality rate is still among the highest in asia.
 note: (1) in the central african republic's return to diplomatic relations with the people's republic of china.
 moreover, 250 to 300 elderly people have died of suicide.
 it brings the flight flights to the death of the plane.
 it is generally related to the government's own information to the government, which is not likely to be laboratory for the laboratory.
 furthermore, belgium advocated the amendment to the convention on the rights of the child, to strengthen the rights of the child.
 we have to stop the fact that education is not used to be used as a real investment.
 parliament and human rights.
 we will also be viewed as an opportunity for a meaningful system of operational operational activities for the implementation of the mid-term review.
 the main concern of the main concerns include concern to the repression of the organic guards of the republic.
 young people can become a key role in promoting development and promotion of peace.
 they will be handed over to the immigration department.
 as to the end of 2006<unk>07, there are some 600 positions.
 ii is a catalyst to invest in the pacific's business enterprises, and the coffees of the coffees of the local enterprise enterprises are controlled by themselves.
 the total expenditure for 2001 amounted to $ 12385000000 (excluding the adjustments of adjustments), an increase of $ 101000000 in 2000 to increase expenditure in 2000.
 in other men, burundian competittan won 1 1500 metres.
 a total of 27 warnings were issued by the police.
 2.
 another element of the new constitutional order is the continuing common law system in hong kong.
 the leaders of the organization were charged with endangering national security and consignified.
 the most significant proportion of these social situation is one of the most distinctly stolen and stolen killings.
 the treaty on the fissile material treaty will serve as one of the basic instruments in the area of nuclear disarmament.
 his enthusiasm, leadership and wisdom has enabled the consumer council to improve the consumer interests of consumer interests. "
 these shares have already been made available to the university of the chinese people's university of china.
 i would like to invite you to join me with me, mr. president, and the friendship and cooperation between romania and the hong kong special administrative region.
 we have very much hope that next year will be able to take action in accordance with procedures in accordance with the process of procedure.
 the average life expectancy of women at the age of 46 is the highest in the world.
 the reply did not have detailed information on the legal status and allegations of the detainees.
 as members of the secretary-general, the united nations general assembly took place on 29 september as the high commissioner for refugees on 29 september.
 it is not appropriate to disclose the location of these locations at this stage.
 following the approval of the approval, the secretary-general will be approved by the general committee of the general committee (or parliament).
 implementation may take note of the review of the 1 global cooperation framework.
 in this area, japan wishes to stress the historic significance of the rome statute of the international criminal court.
 as a matter of fact, the lebanese army has even even failed to be in the area.
 on the other hand, there was no objection to the use of oil fuels, consumption of oil.
 decrease of wages (art. 5).
 in 1994.
 the survey is likely to provide information on whether existing standards are adequate to deal with these offences.
 the draft resolution of the 2 phase of the project was signed on 14 june 2002.
 however, the panel finds that the claims made by the claims and other forms of proof, the panel finds that these deficiencies do not exist.
 it is interesting to write a book writer.
 no one can be in the law.
 we urge the parties to seriously treat the process of peace and national reconciliation, since it continued to continue to support and exist.
 the review has been made and obstacles to the progress made and obstacles to the millennium development goals.
 it's just like that in the same low, just like india as a whole.
 the first 15 days was not allowed to meet any other person.
 that is adequate for adequate grounds that the state may apply to the legal definition, and the right to which it was suggested in the proceedings.
 on the other hand, significant increases in import volume were noted.
 on-the-job training, workers can improve their skills, which safeguards harmonious development in the area of work.
 however, i would like to teach young people who want young young people.
 we agree with the secretary-general that we must make use of these powers.
 the population affected by the people of the affected countries have paid a price, but this situation has caused injuries to the entire international community.
 the existing animal population consists of 172 types of animals, 490 species, 51 types of birds and 100 fish fish.
 in the area of law enforcement, we also look forward to international assistance for a long time.
 " the rule of law, integrity and the judiciary is the cornerstone of our society, " she said.
 in particular, the " star star garden " is the case of " star star garden ".
 as a matter of fact, the honourable member has been suspended for a while i have been suspended for you, and i have begun to announce the results.
 the committee has also found that there was a difference in sexual orientation in juvenile sexual orientation.
 the relocation of the armed forces of the sectarians is being fled to somalia.
 as to the film of films, the name of the movies and the release of the movies have been released to be appendix.
 a representative of any state participating in the conference may at any time move the adjournment of the debate on the question of the debate.
 these people have gone into my country, and they are not going to stay.
 i am really a gun.
 as a result, there was a wide range of people, with a wide range of 2020 metres.
 from the seven-year-old li's small musss, the small mud, which is in the hands of the eight-year-old li, will also be able to play a richer.
 another constraint was the lack of technical capacity.
 in addition, other participants participating in operating technology programmes are considered to be in the operation of the technical development programme, not competitors.
 the russian federation welcomed the progress made by the government of the russian federation to the previous two negotiations.
 because i am so many years ago, it is true that 999.9 per cent of them are true.
 however, the ideal objective of building social participation is to enable the education system to understand other cultures.
 in russia, australia, egypt and thailand, the international channel has also become a major event of local overseas chinese.
 at the time, at the time, the farmers have opened up the high mountains of vegetables, and farmers have opened their vegetables.
 the special rapporteur reiterates its significance and usefulness in sri lanka, and thanked the government in this regard.
 the edi law 8.0 is generally listed in june 2002.
 to reduce the allocations, it will not only reduce the quality of education, but also layoffs and combat morale.
 the consolidation of slopes is the designated length of a designated steel base of the mud nails.
 in this increasingly globalized world, we have to deal with key issues, but no one can be resolved within the framework of national framework.
 i do not intend to accept this design.
 lack of certain records have not been identified as a result of certain records of the review of all the seminars.
 the incident took place in 1987, with a total of 100 old pressures intended to destroy and disposal in the country.
 in the education sector, mr. wang, in the education sector, has married years for many years.
 the challenges facing the challenges confronting us are very well known.
 there are 12 parts of the world's 12.
 1, almost all of mexico's production was said to be the distribution of the united states, mainly the united states in the united states.
 in the streets, the scene was described as a spontaneous national day.
 although the process is done, the process is very happy.
 however, the author believes that only all the middle-level steps could be able to achieve that objective.
 the regulation has been long-standing, but the authorities have always been quoted by the authorities.
 in the case of china's women in malaysia, it was explained to the chinese side.
 the work is very heavy, but the beginning of the work is very encouraging.
 women are responsible for 60 per cent of world food, although they are often difficult to obtain land, credit, training and technology.
 the chinese communists have not moderated, and there is no moderate, but it is the people of the people.
 the application forms have already been sent to all permanent missions, together with the note.
 mr luk said: " this one-stop shopping arrangement will definitely bring new shopping fun to the public. "
 observer status for the international migration policy development centre in the general assembly.
 this estimate includes the costs of 8 calls for the payment of 8 telephone lines.
 the special representative is pleased to report that he saw the possibility of finding a solution to this problem.
 the admission of asylum-seekers may be eligible to receive 80 per cent of the grant paid by the legitimate inhabitants of the federal social security requirements.
 at that time, i met with mr cheng yiu-tong and mr cheng yiu-tong, mr cheng yiu-tong and mr cheng chi-tung, who is not going to follow hong kong.
 we should not now say that the future will be amended.
 ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, we can be able to get a long time.
 in this context, negotiations should be undertaken in order to find practical and practical solutions to the crisis.
 as the saying goes, " it is better to do so. "
 82.
 police officers arrived at the scene.
 australia, australia, north america, north america and western europe are only part of the world's destinations.
 the concerns of the developed countries may be imposed, enabling environmental standards and approved official export credits.
 as a result of the establishment of these non-profit-making hospitals, these non-profit hospitals have not been allocated for a low level of charge.
 it is not surprising that the role played by the united nations in the establishment and coordination of a comprehensive operation strategy.
 at present, the biggest pollution source of pollution is of course our power plants.
 she also urged the international community to consider carefully considering the recommendations of the experts.
 this is a real strengthening of the united nations and to make him effective for international services.
 the length of the long-term house of housing estates, and her mother had to go out to feed their children.
 of course not.
 i also want to cover all major categories of dangerous categories, including mines and ammunition, and unexploded bombs, shells and other firearms.
 in october 2001, the authorities announced a reconciliation with the joint venture company.
 as a result of the autopsy of the autops, the principal man was ordered to investigate the death of the deceased.
 on the side of the opposition side, the opposition party complained that the government intends to act out of their own personnel.
 the department of humanitarian affairs has sent an assessment mission to the region and to reduce the casualties of the accident.
 in addition, the survey shows that young people have purchased a number of pirated goods and counterfeit goods.
 with the rapid growth of the middle class, the huge market has gradually developed.
 one of the people who were dismissed by the dissolution of the incident, avoiding the incident.
 these acts have been condemned by the institute of social services in the present present present present present the present present present present cases.
 there is a dark complexion, the eyes of the eyes, the eyes of the eyes, and it is a common feature of their physical body.
 this has caused great difficulty, and the salary of millions of personnel in the country must be paid in cash.
 the expansion of investment in criminal justice and other conventional crimes have led to a certain role in reducing violence and other conventional crimes.
 the whole has reached the level of new mutual trust.
 16 of the 16-hour rule.
 traffic congestion arrangements are actually common.
 many of the important accomplishments of the united nations could be maintained and could strengthen the position of the organization.
 in particular, it does not establish a number of candidates during the roster of the roster, and no regular update of candidates are regularly updated.
 as for women's acts of violence against women, it seems that the legal background should be introduced.
 i am glad to have my own decision, and i will continue to do with the president.
 yesterday, sharon announced arafat.
 the situation in the demilitarized zone was generally calm.
 with regard to the national sovereignty of the state of ukraine, my country is prepared to become a nuclear-free state in the future.
 the topics considered by the seminar will assist the special committee and the participants in assessing the situation in the non-self-governing territories.
 in addition, we will continue to pay a single number of single-payers to grant single single-payers. "
 even er, the united states, er, to the united states, to russia.
 in addition, general temporary assistants should also provide a general temporary assistant, field operations, travel, specific laws, specific legal or other matters.
 through all recent violence, through all the recent violence, it is possible to make maximum restraint and reduce casualties.
 the chairpersons mistake pointed out that the object of the object to a turn-out object is to be turned into force.
 we propose that a discussion between member states of the member states will be the best way to establish standards in this area.
 in addition to the economy, the development of education is a major impact on political, cultural and socio-economic developments.
 the fact that the state is the fact that the soviets were the us's hostages in 1931, it was told by another soviet union.
 they do not worry about political intervention, and it is believed that hong kong's legal system is working under common law traditions.
 the total cost of $ 77600 was estimated to be used for the purchase of spare parts and maintenance.
 after visiting mainland china, he will depart to tokyo in tokyo.
 over 90 per cent of the population of the democratic people's republic of korea, the republic of korea, singapore and thailand.
 the two methods, regardless of their own or otherwise, shall be deleted.
 and chen shui-bian returned to the other in the west bank for the rest of the west bank.
 it's good to say that she was bad.
 the majority of the girls are mainly dependent on trafficking of goods or on the windows of goods.
 the current session of the general assembly was held at the time of the accelerated liberalization of the world economy.
 the united states, south africa, and the chinese people's republic of china.
 interpretation of the provisions of the law is to explain the true meaning of the clause.
 there is therefore an urgent need to assist in the other troubles of burundi in burundi.
 the songs of song songs, which is most high and vertical.
 the investigators asked why the commissioner replied that the commissioner replied that the commissioner replied that there was no notice.
 this procedure has been repealed after 1961, which appears to be repealed in recent criminal proceedings.
 the pressure can be understood, but we should respect the views of professional professionals in this sensitive area.
 the bulling of the buffer, and crying in the sky.
 there is no thought that he was the most difficult and responsibilities of his tasks during the specialist photographer of mao zedong.
 after the commentary, we will be able to decide on the draft.
 the representative of the state party responded to other questions that the " legal defence order " has not been adopted by congress.
 in his sense, he is not concerned about the irony, and so did not care about the arts.
 the court has always been divided into the following two distinctions: one of the relevant obligations in the following two distinctions: one of the relevant obligations.
 the israeli representative informed us that israel does not object to the existence of a foreign country.
 moreover, the reform was to improve the market economy system.
 the special rapporteur had to be referred to the above-mentioned decree.
 according to the army, persons who were prepared to conduct " terrorist attacks " were arrested or killed in port-au-prince.
 in may 1995, the prince of india and the mosque was burned by the indian cabinet minister and the leaders of india and leaders.
 on 13 may 1993, the trusteeship council decided to consider the consideration of agenda item 8 and 9 (see above).
 under a low pressure zone, the first four days of the month have show the first four days of the month.
 the strengthening of mine clearance should therefore be the current task of the current task.
 when you look at the paintings, it's like to go to the mainland's flying flying flying in the mainland.
 i believe there are many consensus on this council.
 however, there are more than 507 dwellings still needed to repair and <unk> or reconstruction, so that more funds are still waiting for families.
 in addition, the economy of europe and japan is still sluggish.
 the author pleaded that he was sentenced to 6 months ' imprisonment in 1971.
 the world summit is represented by the secretary-general of the world information office and the secretary-general of morocco to participate in the world summit.
 however, i am grateful to the position of some of the questions raised by the minister for foreign affairs of pakistan.
 according to the recommendations of the review report, more than 100 trial consultants would be sufficient to meet the requirements of the scheme.
 as compared with previous years, many people will be very tense.
 the bureau has also appointed a consultant for consultants to assist the government to study the design of the new structure.
 the region is confronted with serious dangers at the moment.
 the magistrate is the coroner of montserrat.
 a number of legal provisions specifically protect women in particular, particularly mothers and women.
 we firmly believe that it is essential for helping consumers to exercise their rights and make their choices.
 in 1963, the concept of the concept was announced that the concept of multi-party democracy in 1990 has not been provided in 1990.
 bean powder, one point is to be taken on the ground.
 with the new ferry service in august next year, the passenger volume of the high-speed ferry service will increase by half.
 the families of the hostages are still very bad.
 (a) national institutions in selected countries: norms of information and communication technologies skills are available to information production and dissemination and networks.
 the security police force was set up in 1966.
 in hong kong, we have to promote a co-operation and self-existent campaign.
 the members of the council called upon the immediate cessation of the external military assistance of all military factions in afghanistan.
 the total number of aircraft aircraft will increase to 18 helicopters, including 6 commercial helicopter helicopters and to assist 12 military helicopters.
 " the customs and excise department will be close to collecting intelligence, " he said.
 the trust fund for the united nations trust fund for ageing is received from the government of sweden to cover the participation of representatives of ldcs.
 the ministry of welfare proposes to establish a national association of older persons in mid-august 1999.
 it is the last one of the palestinian countries to learn from the achievements of the last other decolonization process.
 the british government is the duty of the british government to assist in the field of refugees in hong kong.
 the number of women participating in the vocational training programme remains minimal.
 the meeting aims at the review and implementation of the co-operation between the two governments of the australian government and the two governments in 1992.
 " there is a fear that the increase in the hospital fare increase is to be a matter of the problem.
 the overall performance of the group's performance is a step-by-step approach to the left shore.
 (2) the administration of justice, state practices and doctrines that countermeasures in some substantive and procedural procedural conditions may be legitimate.
 mr tsang will also meet with the ministry of foreign affairs of sweden, local investors and the media.
 i am pleased to note that the issues that could be improved as well as to what we have pointed out.
 the time required to arrive at the scene will depend on the distance, weather, time and the conditions of the sea.
 fortunately, through me and my wife, my son is also aware of " love love ".
 people with disabilities have legal rights with the rest of the society.
 at present, there are 110 companies, institutions and departments, including 1400 commercial operators in the scheme.
 western developed countries have been banned to china's exports of high-tech products, such as large-scale digital telephones and giant computer computers.
 this attitude has led to a deadlock, and the result is that the country's national people become the hostage five years.
 traveling to taiwan.
 however, the army subsequently admitted that the israeli occupying forces did not have the implementation of this attack.
 however, the fact that we are in these areas means that we fully recognize that these measures are not enough.
 as for additional competitors, there were no opportunity to attempt to attempt to be elected by a candidate for the absence of an competitors.
 in addition, the publicity campaign has been launched to enhance the awareness of the quality of cooking in the community.
 the restructuring of the floor structure will have a long period of time to change the freeze.
 the time saves will help to shorten the waiting time for other cases, such as the process of implementing the payment of arrears in arrears.
 i did not have a direct instructions to me, and i have to travel to eritrea (including me) to eritrea.
 the issues discussed in today's agenda has been over 35 years.
 <unk> the review of whether there is a need to limit the growth and road use of vehicles.
 in the case of allegations made by the working group, the working group noted the government's reply.
 a total of $ 76800000 was waiting for a total of $ 76800000.
 (a) at present, there is no specific indication of the assessment services provided by the students to assess whether the students are available.
 however, subsidies are limited to the infants of six months.
 in conclusion, i would like to stress the cooperation of the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia.
 in addition to public paintings, private ventures are very high.
 there have now been 15 countries with australia to send troops to east timor.
 forced participation of children in the age of 15 years of age directly participated in hostilities.
 for local and overseas mailings, contact with the information services department will be contacted with the information services department.
 (1) a packaging goods shall be packed in accordance with the rules of dangerous goods.
 this is the fact.
 the world web week is based on more than 300,000 pages of data, photos, voice and electricity.
 the details will be provided later.
 there is a problem of security and housing.
 there are some categories of distinctions, and it is difficult to make the public.
 with her husband's old friend, it's a great deal of attention.
 the draft resolution of this media is to refer to the 10 elected states of the council.
 this situation, however, has not occurred. however, there has been a slow growth of economic slow and steady growth.
 external factors include the major trading partners of the dominican republic, the united states and europe.
 secondly, it should be opposed to the temptation of micro-management operations, which must continue to be administered by the secretary-general.
 as a result of the lack of time, the united nations was unable to fulfil these three requests.
 the producers of countrys producers provide a large quantity of supplies from argentina to the eu market.
 the principle of transparency and equitable geographical representation should be given to the principle of transparency and equitable geographical distribution.
 the state of the republic of moldova is a phenomenon that has arisen in the control of the foreign regime.
 the campaign on aids education and publicity campaigns this year's campaign calls for men to do so.
 recent computer viruses have recently been over000000000 us dollars.
 the government is not objective, not realistic.
 in the most unfortunate day, he needed to clean up three bodies.
 the seizure came from the malaysian island of malaysia, valued $ 5000000, worth about $ 5000000, and a dust of about $ 3310000.
 in the context of the world, the concept of the world press and the dissemination of new order should be strengthened.
 the amount claimed to support the amount claimed is about $ 700000, and the amount claimed to begin in 1989.
 the current security management system is designed in accordance with the operational requirements of the united nations system prior to 20 years ago.
 the food policy and nutritional division also promotes research on the issue of gender poisoning issues and is preparing for women to develop nutritional projects.
 (b) insert the " minimum wage " after " minimum wage " after the minimum wage ".
 the panel recommends to continue the arms embargo on liberia.
 mr eric li: madam president, the honourable eric li: madam president, the honourable eric li: mr president, i would like to respond to your speech.
 - the hong kong special administrative region may provide assistance in other jurisdictions to the other jurisdictions in other jurisdictions.
 women have already been able to reach a peak, and there is no room for all.
 speaking at the north-east of hong kong, mr ip pointed out that proportional representation was adopted by the representative of the north-east of hong kong.
 the increase in business receipts in the transport industry was mainly due to the continued growth of air transport and maritime services.
