 the united kingdom, who had a property, has to be taxed by the british people who have to pay tax to the united kingdom.
 the implementation of the convention into either article 4, or into states, would allow the article to be implemented.
 in the first quarter of 1993, the economic performance of the economy during the first quarter of 1993 is not good.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and pointed out that candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates after completion of consultation.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the 2 phase requires a basis for remuneration as a basis for remuneration.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price price of these scenes will continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate in the shopping shopping market and the market stalls of the street are the most significant in the 5 years.
 the most difficult situation in peace-keeping situations is the most difficult to predict that it is possible for the possibility that the financial assumptions are likely to occur.
 the intention of the country must be given to the intention of the country.
 a spokesman for the israeli occupation said that the occupying forces had to stay for long periods.
 some of us believe that this action should not be taken from the beginning of open and transparent consultations from the beginning.
 this is very useful for member states to understand the complexity of the problem dealt with by member states.
 the namibian family planning association was established in january 1996.
 states parties wish to report on the most critical health problems affecting women in the country.
 it is in fact a subject of the power of the international treaty to the international treaty, which is in fact a subject of international law.
 while activities are still limited, the size of the future space activities will be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to carry out the facts and to do so.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who violate the law should be allowed to recognize that the international community is the united nations council decisions and actions.
 if the parents are unable to do, it is entirely entirely entirely entirely in the school and teachers.
 " it is now very happy to see that two systems of two systems, hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on behalf of the speakers list today, the representative of malaysia, who will speak on behalf of the group, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme must be avoided with private property estates and to maintain different sales of sales of sales.
 we look forward to the strengthening of the united nations to strengthen the control of the united nations in close consultation with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 chief executive shall be elected by a election committee.
 if a person resorted to a security power, the person must pay appropriate attention to the use of the installation of the device.
 the country has also established an international e-commerce network in october 1998.
 the gdp growth rate of gdp in 1996 was revised by 4.9 per cent to 5.0 per cent.
 for the first time in the first visit to visit hong kong, he will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile was protested by the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as for the reasons stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for the military observer costs is in principle in principle.
 the decision should be made by the president of the general assembly and the chairman of the regional group.
 problems between the two countries and the government of the republic of belarus, as well as in the regular budget, enable the government of the republic of belarus and the government of ukraine.
 member of the panel of member states to the world trade organization member of the transitional period of registration disputes between india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmths, mr. wong sun-child, was the law of the university of surzu's university.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the state is not a good benefit.
 article 54 of the constitution refers to the establishment of the establishment of the education system which will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) said that the use of internet should be registered to the bank.
 mr tsang was grateful to the marine marine department's marine marine department and other concerned concerned.
 okay, let's continue to look back to other news.
 at the same time, some of the solutions of these groups need to be preconditions.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warnings in hong kong will gradually resume normal.
 it is regrettable that the draft resolution prepared for the conference is incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities will hope to address these problems.
 the official languages of the conference included english, russian, french, spanish, and this year, this year, this year also includes romania.
 in the transaction transactions conducted by hong kong and local financial institutions, the hong kong recognised institutions conducted 16 per cent and 10% of local financial institutions and local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planning to build more multi-storey singletons in the area in the long run.
 it is essential to find that it is essential to seek a fruitful outcome, which is to be feasible in the future.
 the culprit was arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there is a concern for the humanitarian relief of humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has already filed a verdict of appeal to france, so the chamber may leave to france.
 the economic slowdown in these countries contributes to the adverse effects of the economic and social stability of the society.
 the week is one, seven days.
 we have, through the united nations, through the united nations to enter the world, and with each other and south-east.
 3, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the strategy for local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role to enable the communication and communication to developing countries in developing countries.
 he said: " i don't know if he is not a sword.
 (15) the international vision of the international perspective.
 it has been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 the ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's ministry of china's anti-control diseases have been effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of united nations peacekeeping forces can prevent the situation in order to prevent the error of violent conflicts.
 at this juncture, however, the alliance against terror must clearly recognize and recognize the enemy.
 i am very much hopeful that the administration can initiate a dialogue with different voices.
 a speaker on behalf of the african group and commends the efforts made by unifem to the response of unifem.
 the chinese government intends to introduce its final plan to establish 13 coal " bases in the next year.
 at the end of this guyo river, the ancients of the kekeung river will be the 1 hundred years of history, and this step step into the modernization of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit credit credit card.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 largest official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the state party of the member states or by the state party concerned.
 the contents of the public are enriched by a number of people's social and economic areas.
 the vast majority of member states have shown their tendency to increase the tendency to increase the council's permanent and very permanent membership.
 in the six months after the issuance of special stamps issued, the customers can select the purchases.
 with the honourable wong yung-ching, the deputy secretary for education, mr joseph wong, is the deputy secretary for education and other officials and officials of the education department.
 in 1969, hong kong's relationship with the social foundation of this foundation was established to create an education culture foundation.
 it is not easy to determine the impact of electors and election activities which may have the impact of the judges.
 the united nations member states of the south pacific have declared the intention of france to resume nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age age is 15 years 9 months.
 service fee is $ 20 each. "
 in many cases, the bulldozers of the bulldozers were in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, and humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel and the public.
 in fact, i have to contact the relevant people of the european parliament.
 at present, a rapid change in the concept of national sovereignty, national security, and peaceful maintenance and implementation of the concept of peace.
 in this case, this means to identify the responsibilities of the responsibilities in the space object.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint chairman of the joint commission.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building, consolidation of the rule of law, democracy and civilized society.
 the conference urged the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 palestinian people and houses were damaged and the israeli army arrived at the scene.
 the text of the language is more closely related, and the content of the text is even greater.
 this continues, not only the ordinary people's high prices, not only, but also caused the high priority of the government authorities and experts.
 there may be a need for a need to take a stop at the heart of my heart.
 we do not hear the advice of scholars who have a professional understanding of a professional understanding of the profession.
 the saying goes. "
 a large number of national party's national party is expected to accelerate the internal explosions of the new millennium.
 during the day after the sky, the lanterns, like the flowers, the lighter, as such as the " second-blocks " was rebound.
 the mainland is open to taiwan's tourism, and the local industry said optimism.
 the most common aspect of the existence of a functional mixed jurisdiction is the exclusive economic zone in the area of navigation and territorial seas.
 the spokesman advised that the spokesman reminded the public to take a report to the police as soon as possible.
 on november 9, margaret chan officially elected the director-general of the world health organization to become a chinese in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in accordance with the international convention, the domestic law provided by the international court in accordance with international law.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly adopted by the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitutional protection of the constitution of slovenia and, in particular, the human rights of women.
 er, on this, there is no white <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> it was not white.
 the principle of non-discrimination is thus becoming a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the threshold of a historic process of history, and more than two years ago, more than two years ago, as well as in multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of visitings from april 6000 in april increased to nearly 60000 in november.
 this situation did not appear in the previous case or the present case.
 the state party may address the category in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear review must depend on the competence of its member states and the commission.
 the letter of authorisation shall be signed by the original school.
 the current contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we are seeking " quality " and do not mean that it is not important.
 it was generally felt that the international community has no action on the termination of the conflict.
 one of the demands of users is to assess the damage caused by floods and infrastructure.
 as a result, the government will also have a pre-existing alliance for both exchanges and clearings of hong kong's two exchanges and clearings.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the executive minister for confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the offence and to carry out a criminal offence, which is committed to a crime, the minimum and a maximum of 1<unk>3 of them.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were fired by a shot.
 in the case of the waiting time for care of care and care care, the applicants can be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of the spread of aids.
 as an example. automobiles are taking control over a modern era.
 this would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in peace and harmony.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business of the business industry can do something.
 this is not only able to strengthen the ability of local production, which will enable hong kong to provide service centres in the area of asia. "
 i would like to understand that all people will be understandable, and we are not eligible for members in the last 17 years.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms of symptoms are mainly lower than a minor.
 coordination is also appropriate.
 in the face of the marketing products, parents can be much better to choose one of the most suitable personal situation.
 if there is a double double-digit figure, the consequences would be very serious.
 those who have not been able to resettle and the lao lao, will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been working well in the new system in 1999 and has improved.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have travel and freedom of immigration.
 they also believe that this could create a precedent in which all types of vessels will be issued prior to all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware of the problem, it is also heard that the government will never give us a legal opinion to us.
 as at end-august 1997, 34 china's state-owned enterprises in hong kong have contributed to us$ 7000000000 in hong kong.
 the air and land of monuc has been transported to the goma for more than 30 tons of aid.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the challenges of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug act in the 21 century.
 in this way, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was impossible to engage in trade in egypt before the opening of the border was opened.
 madam president, the processions were not the right of a group of people, and it is not always political demands.
 the delay in the delay will affect the credibility of about about.
 the private sector companies and foundations have marked a significant increase in the interest of the united nations in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> "
 i am excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one of which is the israelis who gives a naturalization.
 since time is limited, i have not been able to complete all the services.
 the recent developments in recent political developments in recent years would seem to help hong kong's early settlement of this problem.
 the model component consists of the development of the three-shave flow models and observing oil transion models.
 9 percentage points of this growth have come from currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where the import and export of weapons are under control.
 switzerland does not tolerate the financial systems of switzerland to use switzerland to do so in the future.
 most of the job vacancies are available for holding a diploma or degree of graduates, and monthly salary ranges from $ 8000 to $ 18000.
 the main contractor, in the 3 quarter of 1999, shows the value of works completed in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the functions of the commission, please see the provisions of the financial and capital markets commission.
 it is hoped that, in the near future, the national television television station is also in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the international nuclear disarmament effort is at the same time, and the prospects of future prospects are at the same time.
 because the honourable leung has more time, i have a more time and so, therefore, i support it.
 the observer for indigenous people, the african and the inter-american association of americas believe that the non-descolonial population is a minority in argentina.
 " we plan to conduct an employer in the next three years in the next three years.
 we are not aware of the version of the chinese side. it is very likely that hong kong officials have an excuse for the mainland.
 the commissioner of commissioners was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law has been developed by the model law (e.e. the signature of the signatory, relying on party and certification services).
 it is therefore expected that the rate of the capacity of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " enthusiastic support for the mainland will join the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, there are only a telephone phone for the saharan africa in the south of africa.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of the personnel and institutions.
 the israeli authorities have also closed several days for a number of days to close a number of days.
 as a result of the accelerated speeding speed up, the cost of transport costs has been reduced, and all sectors have benefited.
 it's just like that.
 6. 2. 2. the 2 is to attract knowledge, technical and technological ventures.
 she wants to do what can be done, such as listening to radio, television, lectures, singing, singing, singing, singing, singing and wars.
 when we talk about taiwan's children's children, it is very difficult to see that it is very difficult to look at it.
 the cost of freight costs can be used as a result of higher value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing also invites me to take the opportunity to explain that there was no relationship with the reconstruction area.
 an independent expert group has entrusted an independent expert group to encourage consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i have not been able to see, but i have often heard such reports.
 (a) the company is interested in renting an official application for the cyberport.
 in the film of movies. "
 the united nations will face a test.
 the director of health, the director of health and health, said about four years later.
 very difficult.
 in the department's central agencies, women account for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, of whom 1<unk>3 of whom are management positions.
 the court believes that the buyer had no obligation to comply with the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region should be organized by the independent human rights association in the region.
 the 1 sponsor of the draft sponsor of the draft sponsor of the draft sponsor of the draft sponsor of the bill will create a record: this will be the real olympic performance of the 1.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has made a report on the status of hong kong's position on hong kong's position on hong kong.
 the meeting felt that the holding of elections is the privilege of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 a lot of visitors can also take a lot of view. this kind of people who do not live in the modern civilization of modern civilization.
 we have a long-term objective, so that hong kong's development is an international city in asia.
 at the dinner, the director of social welfare director of social welfare director of social welfare, mr. yuelin, and the management committee of the fund management committee.
 the honourable mrs selina chow's proposal to enhance the use of the juvenile police officer.
 a breakthrough was found in overseas markets.
 as to the honourable lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is actually wrong.
 shanghai is similar to the above-mentioned situation, and the import <unk> export company in zhejiang province is similar to the above-mentioned situation.
 the shipments of hong kong shipping companies are in line with the business decision by the shipment of ships.
 the government of sierra leone and the government of sierra leone has helped to consolidate peace after the eight years of war.
 it was said that historical history was in place.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has demonstrated the role of states in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider broadening all aspects of the employment bureau, which encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 however, industrialization partners still need to do many work, reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the mission had been very active since the committee had been a member of the committee.
 israel has been proud of the age-old tradition of the world as a whole.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the dancers perform the gods of the flowers, and then put the audience.
 the situation in the united nations society is most worrying.
 as a result, a further emergency sent to the hospital, dr yeoh said that the child has already been infected with a child.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 the u.s. u.s. beauty.
 the aim is to take pressure on 3-party pressures to peace-building, peace-building, in order to do so.
 no. 3 alarm fire in tai po, tai po, tai po garden today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill 2004 in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of all communities should not let the people of the past and should be seen in the future.
 we should not forget that all these are public revenue and is absolutely notable.
 on the contrary, the university degree in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the residents in the district general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements should be sent to the prosecutor or by the person to the other party.
 qin jin said that james soong will arrive at the 1 stop in the 1 stop of may 5.
 the committee also provided additional information on the submission of the report and after the consideration of the report.
 major train explosions occurred on the 22.
 the activities of the activities of the special rapporteur also include information on civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists.
 it is really not to agree with the use of the use of the hong kong people.
 the international trafficking act, however, is also involved in other fields, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 in itself, i have often heard religions from religion.
 therefore, it is feared that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the sar government in future.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council's relationship with the legislative council.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have some of the provisions of the implementation of it, particularly on the provisions of mine-clearing activities.
 he further pointed out that latin america's trade volume was 12 percent annually.
 the number of unemployed people was reduced to 19.30000, and it was four years for the first time to 200000.
 in fiscal year, the united states import bank and export banks have provided funding for us$ 17800000000 to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 the 2 informal ministerial meeting will be held on wednesday and june 6, 6 june and on thursday, 6 june.
 at the present time, the government is considering the possibility of legal action on pollution of the old site in the treasury.
 for the establishment of 36 posts, 18 posts were proposed for the establishment of a total of 36 posts, 18 posts in support account.
 in taiwan, he cited the 3 path ", " the main reference for chen shui-bian's government ".
 right, for a double-ged sword, we have zhang charts, um, we are here.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a day-to-day operation on the spot at the scene on the spot at 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the situation in the central african republic.
 if it is hoped that the meeting took place at 0.30 am, the meeting was 2105 rooms in the united states congress.
 the record shall be 3 years after the book shall be retained for 3 years later.
 china has reduced the 2 billion people.
 a large number of bangkok congressed at the wto centre in bangkok is ready to be held at night.
 we fully support the similar statement by the representatives of the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis can be picked up and walking off the car parks along the road back to near ming road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure of transparency between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers continue to be streamlined by some local employers.
 it needs the consensus of society, " the spokesman said.
 such punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, but no access to refugee status.
 when i went to the small child, i am very much very serious about the campaign.
 the committee on human rights and the people's rights committee also participated in the international seminar.
 the process of the cumulative process of gender disparities and inequality affecting the risk of risk of risk is not sufficient.
 it is estimated that the potential of these technical applications may be potentially available for these technical applications, as well as the conservation bureau.
 the government today (december 22) announced the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a two-year term.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in east asia, the east asian region has all along been able to take advantage of the financial surplus. "
 the swd has contacted the family's family and provide psychological counselling.
 the maximum amount of $ 80 per cent of the country's accommodation.
 these developments have further exacerbated the strategy of the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 it has been almost no longer locally accommodated these people, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops are not invited to come to the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of police recruitment, wages, training and management of the police are equally applicable to guards in prisons.
 " the inspection also found that the loading of loading is sufficient to cope with traffic, utility facilities and other services. "
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some international conventions.
 the building of the buildings department and the second floor of the buildings department.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 in hong kong, hong kong will always be a brighter of sunshine, and the air is a new, and the air.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the main strength of economic development.
 therefore, we first stress the obligation of the nuclear powers to be concluded by the nuclear powers of the nuclear powers to be concluded in 1996.
 in contrast, the u.s., the largest internet service in the united states maintains the ratio of each 20 individual users.
 since the opening up of the reform, smes have made significant contributions to the development of a wealth, social stability and stability.
 as a result of the climate warm warming and the chou, it will be long for three years.
 i hope that during the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general will be able to meet the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision to allow the guardians to abandon the right to abandon the right of guardian.
 for example, measures agreed upon by the conference include national citizens of the region, including national citizens of the region.
 in the case of the saying, we can really be truly friends.
 mr howard young: madam president, the problem of unemployment, employment and re-establishment of workers, employment and re-opening problems have already been difficult for some time.
 " even if it enters inside taiwan, it should not abandon the performance of " life ".
 otherwise the draft articles would lose its most practical role.
 as a result, the last year's inflation rate had a significant rise.
 it is no longer to say that there are graduates in mainland china and taiwan in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 the company's economy's economy has also raised the same as the weekend.
 the project may also be given to greater public awareness of cultural diversity and to maintain that diversity, as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase the number of loans.
 the above-mentioned cases are carried out on the basis of the criminal procedure of the criminal procedure of the " criminal procedure ".
 in this connection, it is the only way to say that the students ' death should not be done.
 a patient is providing basic medical supplies to the provision of basic medical supplies for the treatment of health facilities in unrwa.
 the diversion scheme is not only a relocation of land.
 on the subject, the meeting sought to remind people that one of the 20 minutes died or maimed because of anti-personnel mines.
 when the neighbourings of the neighbourings of the neighbouring islands, there were some crafts of crafts to purchase.
 motorists are advised to provide traffic instructions and to comply with the police command at the scene.
 the conclusion of the conclusion had been surprising because the legal adviser had been affirmed by the lack of legitimate conduct to the defence of defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo, the government of benin is considering expanding the possibility of expansion of the existing social security system.
 amputed them to leave their lives and affect their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries also declined.
 with the implementation of the scheme, many honourable colleagues will take the journey to lifelong lifelong life.
 he was said to be subsequent to his father's his father's visit to his father.
 other members of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place for low-skilled employment opportunities is the only place in low-skilled employment.
 this project shows that a small-scale funding approach to small enterprises based on the previous policy experience and performance of the credit subsidy.
 mrs miriam lau said that the " youth charter " is the " youth charter ".
 the three persons were suspected of conspiracy to deceive the money.
 they should be developed in accordance with the state of monetary, finance, trade and other macroeconomic policies, to implement a gradual and open market.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible to support the united states and britain to war against iraq.
 the real development concept should include full respect for all universal universal universal universal universal universal universally universal human rights.
 state practice shows that the duration of the length of time for the persons concerned should have the option of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 there has been a large number of countries to achieve a large reduction in poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused a setback.
 as a result, the countries of some of the countries do not have access to funds.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the field of security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be committed to the achievement of a multi-ethnic person and the target.
 the company found that development, manufacturing and marketing are used and a famous consumer.
 in the case of chickens, the department's veterinary bureau also arrived at the scene and confirmed that all chickens were infected, " he said.
 the secretariat's investigation data has been verified by a large number of missions data, which verified the maintenance of the recommendation.
 if the flood problem in the northwest new territories must implement the flood problems in the northwest new territories.
 capitalism of capitalism in drug trafficking, which have organized crime, organized crime and corruption.
 chen hsiu-chien, who entered the queen's worker, was able to work out with the walls, and the results of the first series of a series of commuters.
 one-way navigation between the two places will be shortened to 40 minutes.
 the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories has been a full and comprehensive approach.
 <unk> don't take a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 were shot dead and 38 individuals were burned to death.
 in the working group working group working with international human rights services, minority rights groups were dealt with in 1997 in 1997.
 28 police officers and 13 police officers were located in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 as a result, the contracting authority would prefer to consider changes that may need to be taken into control.
 the developed and developing countries, as well as the economic growth of countries with economies in transition, are particularly significant in developing countries.
 according to the same source, more than 800 persons were killed by the ccp (makist) armed elements in the world.
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, " an offence for terrorist activities ", under the existing legislation, will have legal liability.
 mr president, the problem will be solved by the end of next year after the closing of the refuse landfill site.
 over 200 million children in armed conflict have been killed in the 1990s and more than 600 have left permanent disability or injury.
 there is a great deal of assistance in the development of ecological tourism. "
 basically, this is a kind of tangible responsibility for the development of the northwest side.
 as a result of the failure to make improvements or effect, the department will issued warning letters to the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern.
 in addition, the international reputation of the international reputation is one of the world's most competitive and competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed a total value of $ 680008000000.
 i have to check hong kong's legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, practical cooperation in non-traditional security in non-traditional security.
 from june to july this year, the unemployment situation in most of the major sectors of the major industry and employment conditions remained stable.
 it is not easy to say that this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, there will be more people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the drafting of negotiations on the suppression of international conventions on the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulations, together with the construction of factory and industrial operations, will be effective in the effective implementation of the protection scheme.
 the letter has not been able to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-generals report contains the right framework in the future of the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the number of poverty and the relative numbers of poverty is increasing.
 we look forward to the industry in this regard, " the spokesman added.
 the state party argues that the same reason should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the source of the darfur conflict was a dispute between the population in the area with crops and crops.
 the amendment has also been reserved to be reserved for the development of land and open space facilities such as fire services and open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the first reading of the detailed education fund has been published in order to improve the skills of language skills.
 when chen sits on the board's cold wind and from time to time, the waves of the bones and the waves of a bone.
 as a matter of fact, the proposal of the " gririson law " is almost similar to the current practice of the gririson law.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the establishment of the resources centre for the establishment of the judiciary is not encouraging to defend themselves.
 the chairman of the joint meeting would like to express the discussions that he discussed very useful and will take follow-up action.
 in addition, we will be prepared to review the reviews of the district boards in 2003.
 vehicles on the 1 avenue, located at the 1 avenue, was restricted to the cartage of the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 turning to village pressures in the villagers, the villagers have allowed 320 000 trees.
 <unk> 25 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee does not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is the girl's relatives of the girl or her information is urged to contact the mong kok police station on 2398 6399.
 in 1997, the institute had appointed a formal application for the implementation of the improved quality and enhancement of productivity programmes.
 this morning, i would like to focus on two of the three issues in their speeches.
 to this end, attention should be given to education, increasing the necessary means and means to promote social development in the developing world.
 the ruf is not the army, and it is also affirmed that they are not commanded by the army.
 the field asset control system is designed to provide a series of audits to the united nations assets, namely, the disposal of the first procurement time.
 that is not possible.
 for security reasons, and in order to protect the environment, these substances must be unlivable, without radioactive, non-productions and no chemical reactions.
 the offence of treason is in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse still, the threat of the destruction of nuclear weapons seemed to be rooted in the minds of many people.
 the village in the village had been scared away.
 the armed conflict in darar is beginning in february last year.
 the rights of serious discrimination is a part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of a multitude regime.
 the commission's procedures are confidential, according to the rules, any document or addresses of any document or address.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the ranks of hong kong will be picked up.
 it is the choice of whether or not to buy a contract.
 efforts will continue to be made, but long-term, it will be a challenge.
 they tend to devolate their back.
 at that time, chris patten is busy to prepare for the conservative election.
 asianet daily summary-press releases are issued on friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one accused have been sent to the court for trial.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life is the loss of life, especially the lives of children, and that saddened to national and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000, including $ 50000.
 in recent years, there have been rapid changes in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been set up on the web pages of the buildings department and to all management companies and owners ' owners.
 they feel that it is not possible to be the level of scientific science and technology.
 despite the request of member states, the progress of the resources are being hampered by a shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb was killed at the city of the town of the city of the city city.
 security security officers attending the session, as well as individuals who have attended the session, are sent to special permits to the security and security service of the united nations.
 the latest map and from the new images of new access are prompted promptly to the rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides for a 15000000 citizen service, including students, men, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations bodies have been engaged in demining activities.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection to the hiv <unk> aids population and protecting human rights of human rights.
 once again, i would like to go to the housing department to ask the housing department for further inspection.
 the drop-out rate of secondary school girls is still higher than boys, in secondary and university, and men still account for their position.
 the anti-seking and bian <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 there is no difficulties in setting up and access to such private schools.
 he did not imagine that the decision has changed her decision.
 the transport department has been received by the transport department.
 it's always right to grasp the hands of the united states.
 the chairman of the environment and capital cooperation agency, senior adviser of the world bank.
 if the government officials are interested in investment, it would not be possible to do business.
 it should also take into account the changes in the international system over the past 10 years, particularly the dissemination of globalization and new technologies.
 it cannot be said that there is no way.
 we have proposed the cancellation of the cuban sugar quota for the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but it was also important to go to the gendarmeriend.
 the modernization of the trademark legislation in the hong kong sar.
 the more the voters went to vote, of course our 1 legislative council legs.
 a total of 400 kilometres of ballistic ballistic missiles at an 400-minute site will be within 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, i believe it will be better enough.
 it is obvious that such an approach is the administrative scene.
 in december 1963, an armed attack was a ethnic cleansing campaign against turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model shall also include models on the basis of the addition.
 we are contacted with the authorities of canada, " the spokesman added.
 the delegation of china expressed appreciation for the constructive contribution made by the work of the subject.
 no person went to him.
 with regard to the elimination of the situation of marriage, she asked whether a study was made to identify the causes of family divisions.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the members of the commission on innovation and technology, and the special adviser.
 he will have a major reform of the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking industry.
 as a result, the attention of non-governmental organizations and other important groups have led to the importance of non-governmental organizations and other important groups to participate in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of them were outside force, free from control of groups and individuals.
 " this has no self-interest and continuous efforts in the past and present each other. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to enhance the living standards of children's living standards and improve services, parents have to pay certain costs for household income.
 however, further efforts were needed to make further efforts in order to promote the results of the work of the state authorities.
 those who have not been able to support these criminal acts should not be allowed to support these criminal acts.
 on july 26 this year, a security guard asked a security guard to catch two burgl suspects.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketer can only take care of his clients who can practical contact or liaison.
 article 54 of the constitution provides that expatriates in the territory of the republic shall be protected with the same protection with haiti.
 the member states of the european union had a three-year period of time to allow the legal law to the 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is an anger in a press conference, and painted a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the prohibition of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries in the region continues to weak.
 on behalf of the other people, they don't use it.
 as a result of the stacks of the casssses, they will be able to sell their corches, and they will be able to make a plates.
 in the past year, the fisher of the taiwan province has spent six years.
 despite the unanimous condemnation of the international community, the security council adopted numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 the hkma will implement the monitoring functions of the licensees of the sfc.
 for the first time they returned to the flight for the first time.
 we would like to see the real universality of the university of peace and to take a real global mission.
 the population estimates that it is important to predictions and projections of projections, both in private and commercial institutions.
 more than 1,000 friends have been invited to attend the chinese new year evening.
 the united states government acknowledged that the cuban diplomatic bank account shall enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the decision should be paid in respect of an instrument that belongs to a compulsory rule.
 during the competition, students have to cope with the problem of accidents, such as power power, and networking, equipment and passions.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement the proposals.
 the board also visited undcp in thailand and china in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have a special reference to the fact that the company concealed loans with one or a company's question.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people will be avoided.
 the department of health has provided health education at the family and to disinfect the disinfection of their home.
 i would like to turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building in view of the current situation in our country.
 the non-governmental organization also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the follow-up to the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 when the need to take the necessary action, we refuse to stop behind a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree, i will do so.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, including the threat of sovereignty, and has been subjected to technology.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be maintained by the international community.
 on 15 december, the state of state-owned emergency in a certain number of places was again renewed.
 as a result of the taliban occupation of mai-sharif, the authorities began to transfer prisoners to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile has enabled them to use the threat, deterrence, coercion, co-defence, self-defence and revenge.
 the government has the government's government's policy to adopt an open-friendly software product as the application of the application system.
 in addition, there are 106 private children at the centre of 150 private care centres in 157.
 after this incident, both sides have taken military action, but the front-line situation has not been significant.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a wide range of new crafts.
 but for some immediate danger, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission could be able to provide new images with the most recent images of the commission's databases.
 the estimate of a 10 per cent vacancy factor in the local level consists of 10 per cent.
 from coal to natural gas, the use of natural gas, nitrogen and carbon dioxide is also reduced.
 the works will start early next year for completion in early 2001.
 large-scale institutional units refers to more than 100 or more people employed in other sectors.
 in section 23 of article 23, section 2 of the penal code, the penalty for the preparation of the offence is lower than the highest limits of crimes.
 the general assembly adopted resolution 56<unk>82, from listing east timor from the list of the non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (interpretation from chinese): the king of morocco is the death of kingsan ii, king of morocco on 23 july.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandese operation in rwanda to be arrested in other 5 suspects.
 of these, 60 are implemented by non-governmental organizations and the rest of the 19 will be implemented by swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spain in particular.
 it would be impossible for the automobiles to be posted.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (the " smes) apply to the lack of information technology.
 8 days after the day, the u.s. nanana is two separated.
 more than 2 000 pots of africa will be displayed in hong kong from 13 to 16.
 the survey will provide a reliable and updated information on the standard of living in the territory, especially in poverty.
 one of the hot spots of the family's attention is the new greeting games this year.
 in 1993 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is a major trend in the world respect for human rights.
 it is also known to know about vomits, lowering and other diseases.
 15 <unk> 15 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to grant more investigative rights and the independence of the competition.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china, japan and south korea held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speech organised by the hong kong trade development council and the french employers association.
 if we take into account the interests of each other, the international community can cooperate together.
 a response was submitted by the ministry of finance on 19 january 2001.
 " the primary goal of the government is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be large. "
 the honourable lau ping-cheung also seemed to have just said that, if the application is to apply, it would like to say that it would be said <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the legal authority could be found in article 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any event, the state must begin to gather data on its storage and production records.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are obtained from various relevant agencies.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of money, and so on.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but it will oppose the levy of a road departure tax.
 according to the contract, the transport <unk> transport of transport <unk> transport must be agreed upon.
 in the southern part of the angolan armed forces, the angolan armed forces also continued to have offensive attacks in the south-eastern part of the province of the city.
 if we decided to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to demonstrate that industries affected by the problem of labour shortages have to be affected.
 using germany's surging trains, the price is a speed soon and the price price is $ 80000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 this type of work is still being made by the division, and the specific situation needs to be considered and approved by the division.
 police will take special arrangements on the hong kong island to take special traffic arrangements to be held on january 6, 1998.
 the private universities also give relief fees to the student economic situation under the student economy.
 the improvement of our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as to restore multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achieving the common goal of our region.
 his role is extremely strong, and he was very strong.
 a number of police officers will be written to the question of the attack.
 although the results have shown that the quality of pharmaceuticals were not used for medicine, through a german company, through a german company.
 it welcomes the ratification of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel continues to be open to tunnels under the west of the al-qaqsa mosque.
 in fact, after this year's festival holidays, the tourism industry has not received any complaints from visitors to travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places, " the spokesman said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been restructured to reflect the work of the latter.
 therefore, if you are concerned about the right of demonstrations, i agree that we should not stop the spirit.
 the car immediately fled the scene along sha hok street to escape the scene along shak ho street.
 although there is evidence of evidence, they are still in defence, saying that they do not have " changed ".
 governments have taken various approaches to control of these monopolies.
 however, it must be pointed out that, in view of their respective roles and mission, it is fair and inappropriate.
 i believe not only affect the future, but it will also affect the future.
 the political impact of the environment has been gratifying, and even in the words " as usual in the words ".
 " our immunization system can be resisted as the army, as the army can resist from the army.
 the fact that citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in a drop in the gaza strip and caused salt water from the sea to the east.
 i believe that this week of this week is very important for us to show that we shared the international health of international health.
 i also express my gratitude and appreciation for the secretary-general for his consideration of the report submitted by him.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, for its part, has been sacrificed by the sacrifice of rebuilding democracy after several decades of political instability.
 the west gates of the west is just a legendful of many legends.
 we are familiar with the most familiarity of the government of the city.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in history, there has been no other children's death.
 in the entire continent of peace, the people's minds of the whole continent and the people of the peoples have brought about bright. "
 as a new consultant of the newly established consultant, i will be able to build a tree in the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be as a means of implementing impunity and the wishes of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, cocaine seizures of cocaine seizures in croatia was reported to seizure seizure of 913 kgg cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supports mexico's proposal to give serious consideration to the relevant agencies of the united nations.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (cd) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the relevant industries.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle and was taken away by a police vehicle, and he was on the car.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts of nature should be carried out in a more effective and substantive manner.
 the secretary-general has put forward the direction of the united nations.
 it is also necessary to determine the users of the public information and evaluation of the results of the work.
 mr chan kam-lam says that he was shorter than my shorter, but i would like to speak more than him.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of other international forums to address the problem of terrorism.
 the 11 circuit court of u.s. u.s. u.s. u.s. <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in this connection, the 30000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the southern part of katanga province in the southern part of katanga province have not received assistance in this year.
 as a result of the fighting in kabul and air strikes in kabul, some of the international groups, some of the international groups.
 we also urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only go back to the local saying that the government is merely unavoidable.
 currently, the operating budget of unhcr is a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent payment should be received from $ 10 per cent in accordance with the non-us dollar value value valued on 31 december.
 the president and mrs.
 the world trade conference will be convened seattle and could be a suitable forum.
 mr tien said that, in the light of the above-mentioned issues, the committee recommended that the basic capacity to be achieved should be achieved at primary and secondary schools.
 if the so-called consensus is to be a more rich and more productive expression, it is not.
 the regular receives and processing of satellites <unk> 7 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before or before february 24, 2000.
 as to the specific contents of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically supportive.
 on the contrary, ecuador's imports of imports rose to rise, climbing up to 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the recent example is that, in the case of the shaw hole, it is a dispute with the integrity of the country's integrity.
 the content of the various types of projects envisaged are contained in article 11 of the procurement model.
 the chairman of the surveyor of hong kong's institute of surveys will be held on the workshop.
 on february 15, the 12 juveniles arrested in the operation were released on bail pending further enquiries.
 it was informed that this issue has been informed of the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but no progress has been made at the moment.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to gather information on anti-terrorist activities in the caribbean in the caribbean.
 she would also like to know how non-governmental organizations had chosen to choose the information and the committee's use of such information.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to raise this motion debate today.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy, but the state should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions to the director-general.
 the 15 different countries of the 15 different countries.
 in accordance with the signing of international treaties, legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000, or at least the majority of them will return to their homes.
 the number of countries should be imposed on the list of national lists, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the motion moved by mr lee cheuk-chung.
 as to the underemployment rate, the underemployment rate was also observed in the construction industry, with the transport and industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, there were some restrictions on the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this must be an exception to the fact that there must be a period of time-frame, which is not in detention for a long time.
 on the weekend, the time of the weekends, and the next few days, these places will be overlooked.
 the bank does not want the government to deal with its business.
 programme for enquiries can be made by the programme: 2.461 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 92.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to study a unit.
 article 190 to 2051 of the penal code of georgia provides the procedure for the assets of assets (bank accounts).
 " we also believe that there is need to be extended to training and traffic, " he said.
 since the united nations has been established by the united nations, albania has been one of the most gratified dictatorship of the continent.
 we do not agree to take pressure in the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i do <unk>
 he was detained for a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will participate actively in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty to stop the further proliferation of anti-personnel landmines.
 furthermore, article 13 to 18 should be considered in accordance with the provisions of the international regime in specific areas.
 1970-1975 counsellor, the embassy of the embassy of the us embassy in italy.
 the legal activities of the legitimate activities of the conflict in conflict zones have a self- binding code.
 the preconditions should be, and the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all arrangements for sale in the home ownership scheme will continue to be available for sale in the hos flats.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300, while the number of deaths was 32000.
 however, i have been brought to it because it is a reflection of the fact that it is a reflection of the dismissal of the balk balkans.
 when hong kong's future talks, the chinese government said: " the british people can do so. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and the government.
 it has been reported that some of the food-contaminated areas had been affected by polluted food, and food in other parts of the polluted food in other places.
 with regard to the choice of children's choice of children, luxembourg had put forward reservations to the ratification of the convention.
 they further discussed and agreed that the flow of weapons into the country must be prevented.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should carefully discuss with the industry and listen to their views.
 they want to be killed by a small boy. i would also like to turn to all victims of thousands of victims.
 when i talk about women, i would like to talk about all copyrights in taiwan.
 the overall plan is to focus on helping girls and women to improve self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the administration and palau are determined to maintain the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the chinese communist party of the chinese communist party came away from the revolutionary revolution in china.
 during the promotion of chickens, there were a number of people with the mainland's chickens and flowers, and also indirect the development of culture fisheries fisheries.
 the advisory committee requests that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements have been received.
 against this background, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full acts of iraq.
 the special rapporteur visited rwanda.
 those who have lost their fighting.
 the main reason for the lack of unutilized balance has been extended to the termination of the forces.
 furthermore, as a member of the international community, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 research and practical application of the satellite remote sensing field should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region are entitled to election and right.
 40 enterprises in service industries amounted to $ 216000 in the reporting period, creating or 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council were participating in the drafting of the further response to the nuclear tests carried out by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the countries of the friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations itself.
 we have to persuade the friends of our friends: i understand the need for helping to help them.
 after a few months later, the storm is also a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, such as the landscape lights were also closed yesterday.
 after protesting the protests, some of the people's emotions were emotional, and the police will use the people.
 the work programme for the establishment of a trade point (see annex) is only in recent years.
 i think it is most important to respect the civil service and allow them to discuss with you in the negotiating table.
 as a result of changes in the pension system, the impact on the impact of women's impact on the impact of women is not large.
 (iii) the office of the force commander: as a result of the information of the office, there are two local level posts.
 in fact, the growth in the world economy and the expected increase in international trade has been decided.
 the department of community development division manages family development division and family support division, national families, exhibitions and similar activities.
 gizmonzon said: " the exhibition is extremely successful, " said gizgizmon, vice president of the world.
 the international community should be in a fair and equal manner, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal manner.
 as a result of some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the prevention of conflict is a strategic strategy.
 the 2 clause of the joint declaration is also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he was kicked up.
 the us dollar deposits increased only by 17% in july and november, after increased by 17 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 women's ability to participate fully in society obviously depends on the economic and social resources of the community.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgent problem of common concern for all of humanity.
 it is important to end their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to the preservation of hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution to china.
 of these 20000000000 us dollars, only $ 123000000 was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rental of rents in the consumer price index reflects the changes in rents paid by households in hong kong.
 in the context of such an approach, a focus on whether it will proceed to proceed to the original guarantees.
 he believed that the preparatory work of the beijing olympics will be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 in february this year, the committee considered the key issues in the production of productive employment in february this year.
 as a result of the measurement of the economy, we will face the grave situation that we will face.
 in 2000, the protection of maternity protection in the workplace will also be banned from 8 to 21 weeks.
 the actual situation in paraguay has also been significant improvement, leaving river transit corridors to become 2 major transport routes next year.
 welcome you all.
 in this connection, the financial secretary has agreed to make it clear and show that they will be able to implement as soon as possible.
 for the members of the public, the general assembly's great importance is to be a culture of art.
 in most countries, the population of elderly population has been faster than the overall population.
 a 45-year-old man was killed at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, it was reported that the cells were looted on 12 may 1994.
 officiating at the opening ceremony of china's space science and technology exhibition, the opening ceremony of the chinese space technology exhibition.
 they have their disciplines and disciplined as a united nations.
 these proposals are the public's public opinion over the years.
 " it is not unduly worried by the public, " a police spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who knew that the whereabouts of the missing person is urged to contact investigating officers of the regional missing unit of kowloon east and kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review a review of the system-wide-wide meeting.
 at the age of seven years, the spirit and voices of the seven-year-old man, and every day, all of the 100 patients.
 this incident took place in close proximity to the road to the gushka.
 in general, the number of unemployed persons is a number of times.
 the government of some industrial countries have allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from the beginning of the decision to suspend the debt.
 in this century and this millennium, we see the great achievement of mankind and sees a disastrous tragedy.
 mr deputy president, the honourable deputy president, i would like to say a few words about this kind of debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 <unk> 5 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 i think it is even more important that the chinese government promised to draft the basic law of the basic law in the basic law.
 violations of these rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum to deal with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the use of the growing demand for food and medicine for food and medicine.
 note: the chinese pharmacy fund and the chinese temples are promulgated after the 1938 of the chinese temple ordinance.
 it is well known that the voluntary and compulsory recruitment of voluntary recruitments are well different.
 i 've written this letter on the day of the journal of the journal.
 at the same time, inflation continued to be high, and it is expected that the inflation rate for the year will be close to 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned that the legal profession had been tired of many voters in the legal profession.
 i would also like to agree with the amendment to the amendment to reduce some of the technical requirements.
 i do not need to repeat here here.
 a draft meeting would be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the 1 session of the review committee.
 the management system is a complex project. it will have profound implications for the united nations personnel, budgets and financial services.
 there is a high number of money <unk> amp<unk> quot<unk> <unk>
 in order to meet the relevant measures, the fire services department, the department of lands, lands department and the planning department will proceed with the oil companies.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you, like my colleagues and other honourable colleagues.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safety.
 the objective of the text is to make a number of political options and rights to the states concerned after the internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the report, police officers conducted investigation into three rooms of three rooms in the hotel.
 they must receive their professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization will be given into consideration.
 in late february, the education department will be invited to take part in the uniform allocation of parents to take part in the uniform allocation of schools in march.
 however, these technology costs have been very high.
 i have also said that some hesitation has heed with him.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph is even more evident from reality.
 the minimum service of the obligation to provide service for each of the community will benefit each of every society.
 a view was expressed that the issue of insolvency representative should be addressed in the draft guide.
 i do not repeat the arguments earlier that only honourable members can't have the hearts of old loyalty.
 in the absence of other speakers, the chairman of the chairman shall declare an end to the debate.
 he said, " you will often be able to contact the dark darkness of the people. "
 i think that the upper level should be kept in the future, and there is no need to take a decision in the future.
 the sisters of the sisters are starved and a night and a night.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the level of service. this is our expectations for us. "
 it is a major step in the future, ah.
 in the community, the community is now strongly in favour of a bill of rights to establish these freedom.
 in my view, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when his delegation travelled to new york, it was not allowed to enter the united states.

 the united kingdom believes that the court should be in line with a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce the availability of funds in the longer term, i think the government should also actively implement policies.
 the vienna convention on the vienna convention on the vienna convention relates to a multilateral covenant on multilateral covenants and agreements, including human rights treaties.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a real democratic state for a market economy.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandese military allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly had a 7, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal to the appeal, " he said.
 (b) management private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this has become more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's culture of cultural life is indeed the ideal city of the world. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border operations can be transferred to customs legislation, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95% of salaries tax and personal income tax can be received in the next two weeks.
 it is, however, to be overcome, however, that it is important that it must be done.
 in the sudan, welfare and social affairs department, the ministry of health and social development, is responsible for the preparation of the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the coordination committee of the coordination committee and the chairman of the organization and was responsible for the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is organized by the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information cooperation with the department of public information.
 it is equally surprising that the difference (table 3 and 5).
 secondly, the checks and balances between the executive and legislative council is a checks and balances.
 even if there is no shortage of public transport in the shens, the streets of the street are found in the streets.
 this year, this year, this year is not different.
 next, let us take a look at iraq's policy in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigations carried out by the office of the capt.
 when i look at me, it would be very good for me to hear my head.
 despite a good financial performance, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve their goals.
 right, there is a difference.
 if we hope that the united nations has a crucial position in the united nations, the united nations must make the united nations to take a step forward.
 the financial secretary referred to the songs of the " lion rock " under the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works of the public housing estates to carry out repair works.
 after the election, mr deputy, i believe this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " there has been a downward trend in industrial accidents and accidents in the catering industry.
 the croatian police officers are still carrying out walking and vehicle patrols in their territory-controlled areas.
 mr cheung pointed out that there would be some misunderstanding in the education department.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 the administration will carefully consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you have to ask the advice and is not appropriate for a question of question.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " winds " and that it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 in the evening, he will proceed to washington for the last stop in north america.
 developing countries increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 1990 to almost 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is scheduled to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 to give her shoes to her shoes.
 <unk> 152, despite the need to analyse data and the number of data and number of data, the content of the data are relatively small.
 however, the report noted that, although the local market has food and specially sold, the power of people's purchasing power is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view and recommended that the current 2.7 per cent contribution is retained.
 the achievements achieved by the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be a precondition for the non-terrorist.
 the administration has admitted to the ad hoc group that " national security " is the interests of the sovereign state.
 but at present, hong kong's economy has sustained sustained growth in the local economy and a surplus of many countries.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general has been determined by the under-secretary-general.
 over the past few years, a large number of documents proved that the cost of life has been paid to the cost of life.
 the treaty is restricted to ban nuclear testing, but not to prohibit the testing of nuclear testing, the quality of nuclear weapons or production of new arms systems.
 they told him that they were unable to receive him.
 this is much greater than its part in its part.
 (b) the clp has been integrated on the first day of this year into account for public holidays on the part of this year.
 as a result of the green paper, it is really a hum.
 in 1993, it became a member of the chinese appointments to the appointment of a member of the assistant board of arbitrators.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is to be given to the long-term strengthening of cooperation aimed at the long-term strengthening of national protection and protection of the country.
 the group of age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a uniform rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be carefully used as international law.
 there is an unprecedented expansion of science and technology in science and technology, and the world is speeding towards multipolarization.
 the subjects of the chinese and western paintings, the museum of the museum, has also come up.
 in a sense of sense of rational and sensefulness.
 i addressed the response to the exploitation of the exploitation of pornography in west africa.
 however, the fundamental commitment to peace and national reconciliation are truly committed to peace and national reconciliation.
 the increase in the activities of china and investors in the european union has increased considerably.
 there are few indications of the existence of the presence of fiji.
 in this event, there is no waste of people's participation.
 on the other hand, the brazilian turtle of brazilian turtles, well-being and dydenter, has been the largest species of species in taiwan.
 these women have also been subjected to discrimination on different terms of equal remuneration, or in the labour of mortgages.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country<unk> (ii) in countries<unk> (ii) in general, developed countries.
 today, saint lu luhia was the 1 time in history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations had tried to influence a government.
 this fany is a product of the new unilateral system in a state of a country.
 recently, some of the original groups have not been able to come out and oppose the direct elections in 1988.
 however, with the return of the people's resumption of life, as long as there is a large number of refugees, east timor will need to continue.
 in the capital of baghdad, a car bomb attack was attacked by car bombs, at least five deaths and 19 wounded.
 for a few months, the police charged with violations of human rights and other irregular acts or criminal offences.
 his election highlights the advantages, his personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 since tourism is a " people-oriented industry ", there is no way for the entire industry to survive.
 at the time of the bullbu, the line of 10ms shall be required to 173 double-storey lanes and 133.
 in the words " abolition of the word ".
 at the same time, the department has not been trained to deal with hawkers.
 in the absence of non-nuclear-cultural security, the debtors debtor continues to be maintained and preserved by the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly the mutual legal assistance, will be in the future.
 however, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity, a explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene, and there were no casualties.
 the council also began a new " mixed " meeting, which is a private meeting of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo has pointed out that all measures had been taken to ensure that all measures had been taken.
 as mentioned above, no reference was made in section 8 of the document.
 i accept that the secretary for constitutional affairs is that some of the things are not close to the elections.
 the equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies remained to be filled, and the meeting was suspended.
 the parking carparks of the visitors centre shall also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of clients ' investment portfolios still remained stable, and a large number of performances in the ldc's index.
 a lot of people have been allowed to take up the booking of the book-to-charge, but pays a large amount of debt.
 in mid-july this year, lee has visited japan to attend the 8 world muscles in the 8 world muscles.
 the 3 ldc conference will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development programme of ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to the secretariat.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved, including the preparation of background documents, including the preparation of background documents.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, november 12.
 xiao7 is well-being and he was deeply satisfied and loved by the girl friends.
 mr cheung was a keynote address to the occupational safety of hong kong.
 i would like to ask you, so i 're going to look for you.
 on the part of the new airport, the new hong kong airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the economy, a large amount of money could be generated by many small amounts.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the contents of the draft articles are too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to uphold the spirit of the rule of law, as we have to safeguard hong kong's international financial centre.
 the proportion of the total programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 was shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need to be fulfilled as soon as possible.
 of course, the writer is not opposed to the promotion of the grass-roots level.
 it is also a change in his personality at the age of 50.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a house of houses in the village, and burnt another houses.
 all those who are infected should be invited to be instructed as early as possible for early diagnosis and treatment.
 children prostitution refers to the use of or facilitating the use of children in order to obtain or facilitate the use of children.
 this is an outstanding achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders for the metal products industry was further increased by 2%.
 equally important, the gross external debt problems faced by african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of the export earnings of those countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and many years, we are now like to go back to the beginning.
 the economic and social council has 14 experts panels of experts to participate in the work of the individual, and not national representatives.
 as for expert units, the number of tactical training has been provided by the expert units.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for south-south cooperation, but should be viewed as a supplementary.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is collapsed and the traditional structure of family structures is taking place.
 to ensure that there is a high degree of chinese language textbooks, the authorities have set up chinese textbooks for chinese textbooks.
 another reason is: " the business of the banks would be the best to do ".
 some of them are said to have been wounded.
 while the delegation of ethiopia appreciates the leadership role played by unctad, the panellists were only raised by a group of interesting issues.
 the united nations military contingent will assist in preventing those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, in order to enable these policies to be effective, it is necessary to look at trade.
 however, it was reported that the college authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the court and had no whereabouts.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, campaigns of political parties should be subject to the control and maintain transparency of the expenses.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000.
 unexpectedly, sun sun yun's road has fallen to countless waves.
 the chairman of the committee on small and medium clubs, dr chan wing-yu, attended the chief executive's report to the chief executive.
 asianet daily summary-press releases are issued on tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the historical history of the new territories, the lots of land in the new territories are subject to the control of the group.
 we welcome partnerships in these areas, " the spokesman added.
 if you want to make it clear, " don't " don't " don't " don't " says. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces seem to be the day, whether the authorities or local people are not able to do so.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand new zealand, new zealand, new zealand, new zealand.
 in its resolution 1171 (1998) on 18 june 1998, the commission adopted the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 in the course of the pilot collection system, it was suggested that the proposed impact was made at the district level.
 the national television broadcasts a few programmes on this seminar, which helped to increase the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is not satisfied with the age of 65, there is a minimum wage for employment and income more than the minimum wage.
 in general, such information will not be disclosed.
 he is well-known and has always been dedicated to the law in the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to review the relevant international standards for the implementation of the ordinance.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help them to find suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates. "
 since china has recently joined the world trade organization as well as the 2008 olympic games in 2008, there will also be a significant increase in communications.
 recently, one came from the mainland, university of hong kong, university of hong kong and university of hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said, if someone had been theft, then he would be cut off his hand, but also guarantees the safety of thousands of people.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections, indicating the importance of their attention to the provisional self-government.
 mark nini was the headquarters of the ruf.
 the " taipei's " taipei's dignity " signboards a sign of the new paintings.
 the officer asked not to disclose the names of the names of the names, " said the official, " the spokesman said.
 born in 1944 was born in new zealand, <unk>x <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in traditional markets, there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, both in english and english, are now available for public inspection at the venue.
 because the dpp has made a new democratic progressive party.
 in the manufacturing industry, many employees have choices.
 the claimant provided a export credit guarantee for exporters and contractors.
 with the assistance of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various fields.
 the committee recommends that the accuracy of the requirements of the estimated requirements are made.
 under the health organization act, the estonian territory has the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 national daily also quoted in bangkok's world bank offices, " said: " no one knows how much the cost is. "
 in this document, the chinese publishing of the " red camera " is published in the present document.
 madam president, mr. president, the secretary for today's right to " dies ", we should not forget him.
 in the atmosphere of the darkness of this atmosphere, i might say that some of the comparisons.
 the annex is contained in the annex to the statute of the statute of the international court of justice.
 after the performance, the audience received very enthusiastic response to the members and members of the audience.
 i can also quote some examples of the fact that some of those who have chronically ill patients to work with the hospital authority have been denied.
 the approved plan is to be amended to reflect the latest developments in kowloon.
 actually, i have arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is in support of ensuring that gender was more sensitive to gender issues.
 she has the highest character and enjoys all civil rights.
 all relevant departments will take part in the plan to involve a variety of activities, from prevention, and to prosecute trafficking in victims.
 with regard to this obligation, the committee noted that in some instances, the report noted that the present report would refer to the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters per hour can be fired out of small arms ammunition per hour.
 2, reducing the situation in the situation.
 let us first act on the draft resolution on economic and other activities affecting the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there are no cash in the current post-keeping period.
 my delegation is also very grateful to the under-secretary-general for the under-secretary-general for the secretary-general, mr elegu, and the special representative of the special representative.
 the decline in the number of developing countries to foreign investment is likely to trigger financial instability.
 an international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 owing to the transfer of a banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged at 177.
 this was mainly attributed to a number of countries that have been achieved or lacking in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has led to the suffering of children and orphans<unk> the increase in the tribal conflicts increased more heavyly.
 in january this year, mr. sergio de mello proposed the general strengthening of the civilian police handled by the civilian police.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 young people are about 19 per cent of the population of africa.
 at the same time, hong kong has become more badly, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumers of consumers in the united states will take 1000 hours to look at 1 50000 hours.
 in my view, it is essential that the humanitarian situation in iraq is disastrous.
 this is a subject of the subject.
 the office urged the ministry of disarmament to assist the new political will of the member states to make financial commitments.
 our financial position is lucky than the united kingdom, and so there is no need for me to do so.
 the last incident of la laden's image was at the end of 2004, but his deputy, al-zawa al-wai.
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the government's proposal to reduce the government's reduction in the waste reduction project.
 the honourable martin lee said that the government does not respond to this matter. "
 during the performance of the performance, hu ching-kuo made a clear picture of the dances of the national music of musicians.
 the gross surplus accounted for 17.2%, compared with a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children have the dominant position in society, and children need to be given care.
 the civilian population targeting of the civilian population of the bosnian serb forces has resulted in the escalation of the civilian population.
 a spokesman for the department said that during a two-week survey period, 5424 visits were completed and the overall response rate was 9.
 " the chickens were taken to the market prior to the market, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance for the continuation of these practices.
 the demilitarized zone, about 240 kilometres, to iraqs extension of 10 kilometres and to extend 5 kilometres to kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of the children involved in family services are girls.
 as a result, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty).
 the 1 time in the 1 time of the 1 visit is also because of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect the cold front before the arrival of the cold front.
 this section recalls the reasons why the right to food can be heard by the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, there was a white ballet, and the hands of the colons into taiwan.
 the laws of criminal law and criminal procedures have been revised in order to complement the national legal system.
 appropriate legal sanctions against any person who engaged in arms manufactured in arms will be able to promote compliance with the procedures for authorizing.
 the government and the business sector has launched a series of activities to consolidate confidence in hong kong's confidence in hong kong.
 however, the federal budget is too large, and the federal budget is unable to maintain.
 the hong kong ballet of the hong kong ballet of the hong kong ballet group will show the performance of the guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, director of home affairs, ms lee, said: " all along, hong kong is a society society.
 on 30 may, a new battle broke out by the taliban forces in the north-west, abdullad, and the taliban in the north-west.
 the volume of computer systems in computer systems has also triggered the privacy of privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included by members of the asean regional forum in the asean regional forum.
 every day, soldiers said that the same day would be handed over to the same day, but the soldiers said that it would be delayed.
 " the more late implementation of the mpf mpf system will be the most effective.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of the vehicle from the united nations assistance mission to the united nations assistance mission to the united nations was not less effective.
 on the contrary, they tend to see people such as the enemy, and therefore the people of the people have no sense of solidarity.
 the railway system is an integral part of the transport system.
 under the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries are an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think it will be very sorry to me.
 through this election, china is fully ensured that hong kong is a government in hong kong.
 it seems that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they have not been used.
 as a result, it is not going to follow up with one other.
 the results of the findings will be released in july.
 at the end of the 1940s, johnson is more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today's bill today is a major question that the bill will be implemented in the transitional period.
 in the wake of the u.s. los angeles in the united states, shafi arrived in the united states after arrival to the united states.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the hong kong economic outlook for 2003.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas, and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that the statistics indicated that the statistics had not been adequately reflected in the scale of the problem.
 as a result, we have to build different types of land in different areas.
 after the opening up of economic reforms in 1978, china's implementation of the exchange rate system has become a result of a market price.
 the bishk group has been established within the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental base has changed.
 " we will continue to persuade young people to have a great adverse impact on health.
 some of the results are described as follows: apart from religions, mathematics, mathematics, mathematics, agriculture and reading.
 the total revenue of this year's total revenue is $ 1050500, representing nearly 24% over a year earlier.
 these provisions should be given to the chinese side.
 non-recounted items carried out by historical cost in other currencies are replaced by the united nations operational exchange rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have been working in hong kong for two consecutive years, " he added.
 after the incident, i understand that the doctor of doctors also expressed strong dissatisfaction with the parties concerned.
 " to reflect the latest land use proposed by the north-east of lantau island, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations in the phase.
 to that end, member states have to pay a legal obligation on time, and to pay their obligations under legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during the centuries half a century, humankind has been able to live in the world.
 he said that the prime minister had established a cabinet for the first cabinet commission.
 if everything has already been prepared, it will still be to wait for the next-01 years, the longer the longer the time to come.
 there are no other groups of other groups.
 the seriousness of the act was comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 applying to the important accounting policy of these financial statements, the summary of the financial statements are presented as a statement.
 in the southern south of yunnan, there will be heavy rain in the south-eastern part of the south-west.
 on behalf of the people and people of the comoros, i would like to extend condolences to the families of the israeli government to the israeli government.
 undp has not yet done a plan for the donor community to trust undp.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the representatives of the two delegations of mali, mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will contribute to the development of the right to development in relation to poverty, planning, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council has a weekly hosting about 70 examinations, which can be accommodated for some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped by the culprit, the victim went into an employer's sleep.
 the administration has announced today today.
 for example, for example, it has been set up in the 3 phases, but it was very late.
 it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has been reduced by 30 per cent.
